"title: Courts to Determine Lakers’ Fate in Buss Siblings’ Battle author: Michelle Moons text: The children of late Los Angeles Lakers owner Jerry Buss brought their battle over the team into the public spotlight when controlling owner Jeanie Buss moved for a restraining order against her two brothers last Friday. [Family trusts for the three siblings  —   Jeanie, Jim and Johnny  —   make up 66 percent of the team’s ownership, according to the Los Angeles Times. That allows election of three of the team’s five board members. In late February, Jeanie replaced her brother Jim with Magic Johnson in the position of the team’s vice president of basketball operations. Three days later, brother Johnny gave Jeanie notice that there would be a March 7 Board of Directors election meeting.  The brother promoted four names as potential board members, according to court documents cited in the report. None of the four was Jeanie. Jeanie’s role as controlling owner requires her to hold a position on the board. The Times reported, “The trusts mandate the    —   Johnny, Jim and Jeanie  —   take all actions to ensure Jeanie Buss remains controlling owner of the Lakers. She has occupied the role since their father, Jerry Buss, died in 2013. ”   Court filings indicate the Buss family could lose control of the team if Jeanie Buss does not retain the position of controlling owner. The motion for temporary restraining order was withdrawn Friday and a judge set a trial date of May 15. The Lakers have performed poorly over the last several seasons, despite a roster of veteran  . They last won the NBA championship in 2010, and fell short in 2011 after being swept in the Western Conference   by the eventual winners, the Dallas Mavericks. The team’s base has been frustrated, creating a new local opportunity for the vastly improved Los Angeles Clippers, despite that team’s own ownership challenges in recent years. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"title: 5 Selfie Tips From a Makeup Artist - The New York Times author: Courtney Rubin text: Editor’s note: this article has been slightly updated to help you put your best selfie (sorry) forward. The makeup artist Luis Casco analyzed some 8, 000 selfies  —   of 26 women of different ethnicities and ages  —   for his book “#beautiful,” which offers tips for taking your best selfie. Mr. Casco, the lead makeup artist for “Project Runway” and a Mary Kay global beauty ambassador, knows that for a certain type of consumer, one who is constantly taking pictures, what matters to her and her social group is how she looks in a selfie. “Most makeup companies have products that play with light, offering photo finishes or airbrush effects that claim to make wearers ” Courtney Rubin wrote in “Makeup for the Selfie Generation. ” “But a handful of brands are beginning to design and tweak their wares to stand up to the specific challenges of phone photography  —   among them, that a flash can make foundation look white, or that in daylight selfies, cool colors can look warmer. ” Indeed, how makeup looks in smartphone pictures has become the latest test that companies like CoverGirl and Smashbox put their products through before taking them to market. Here Mr. Casco suggests some things to keep in mind. 1. Dry, flaky lips really show up on selfies, so use an exfoliator like Mary Kay Satin Lips Set (which includes a shea sugar scrub and shea butter balm) before applying any lip product. 2. Mix eyeliner shades to trick the viewer. For example, a touch of purple makes brown eyes look clearer a hint of gold “makes the eyes twinkle,” Mr. Casco said. He likes to layer Make Up For Ever’s Aqua Liquid Liner in diamond purple over the company’s matte black shade. 3. For the most flattering shot, lift the camera to a   angle, which helps sharpen the jawline and give the appearance of larger eyes  —   particularly important if you want to avoid a raccoon effect while wearing dark or smoky eye makeup. Bring the chin down slightly and the camera up. 4. With daylight in front of you, the phone softens skin, but it can come off looking pale. Mr. Casco suggests products that contour the face without looking   in real life. His favorite is Mary Kay CC Cream Sunscreen Broad Spectrum SPF 15, which he says are easy to blend and not obviously pigmented. 5. Nighttime (flash) selfies can be tricky because what looks like a bit of shimmer in real life can look like oily skin on camera. Go easy on any product with glitter. Mr. Casco suggests a translucent powder like Laura Mercier Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which has cashmere talc that makes the skin feel soft. Have blotting sheets like Shiseido Pureness   Blotting Paper on hand to absorb extra oil, especially in the  ."
"title: Jo Cox, EgyptAir, Golden State Warriors: Your Thursday Evening Briefing - The New York Times author: Andrea Kannapell and Sandra Stevenson text: (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. The focus in Orlando was on comforting the bereaved. President Obama met with families of the scores of people killed and injured in the attack on a gay club early Sunday. “Their grief is beyond description,” Mr. Obama said after he and Vice President Joe Biden met privately with mourners for two hours. _____ 2. A new analysis of federal data shows that gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people are the most frequent targets of hate crimes in the U. S. That was true even before the attack in Orlando. One analyst suggested that, as society becomes more tolerant of L. G. B. T. people, some opponents become more radical. _____ 3. A   Democratic filibuster led by Senator Christopher Murphy of Connecticut, above, forced the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, to allow a vote on two   amendments in coming days. But our congressional correspondent writes that, given   politics, neither is likely to pass. _____ 4. British campaigning over the   Brexit vote next week was halted after a rising member of Parliament was killed in her district of northern England. Jo Cox, 41, was wrapping up a meeting with constituents at a library near Leeds when she was stabbed and shot, a rarity in a country where guns are tightly controlled. A    man was arrested, but the authorities did not immediately comment on a motive. _____ 5. Donald J. Trump’s campaign is so focused on   for the general election that his appearances are being mostly kept to southern, heavily Republican states where he is already popular. That puts him at a disadvantage in battleground states, where Hillary Clinton has been campaigning vigorously. In a sign that a small, but growing, crowd in the financial world is warming up to the idea of backing Mr. Trump, a who’s who of financiers will host a   for the candidate on Tuesday at an undisclosed location in New York City. _____ 6. Senator Bernie Sanders spoke to his supporters via videoconference. He didn’t drop out of the race or endorse Mrs. Clinton, choosing instead to deliver a shortened version of his stump speech. Mr. Sanders pledged to make certain that Mr. Trump is defeated but added that defeating him cannot be the only goal. _____ 7. It was a busy day in sports. The the United States men’s national soccer team, above, beat Ecuador,   advancing to the semifinals of Copa América. LeBron James scored 41 points, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers in a rout of the Golden State Warriors,   and sending the N. B. A. finals to a decisive Game 7. And rain halted play at the U. S. Open as Jordan Spieth began defending his title. This year, the golf tournament is at Oakmont, in Pennsylvania, one of the toughest courses in North America. _____ 8. Microsoft became the first major U. S. corporation to plan a role in the burgeoning marijuana industry, announcing a project to create   software. The announcement of the new   offering came just days after Microsoft signaled its intent to diversify with a $26. 2 billion deal to buy LinkedIn. _____ 9.   Miranda, the creator and star of “Hamilton,” confirmed that he would leave the Broadway blockbuster on July 9 (and get a haircut). Among his more immediate projects: working on a Disney film and preparing for a   sequel to “Mary Poppins,” with Emily Blunt. He said he would rejoin “Hamilton” or its touring arms from time to time. “This is a role I am going to be going back to again and again,” he said. _____ 10. Gone from Lake Wobegon: Garrison Keillor hosts his final official “Prairie Home Companion” on July 1. One of our   stories today looks at how he flourished on the radio show for four decades, known for a garrulous persona that is, in fact, a far cry from his introverted own. “His gaze is often floating and takes you in from a strange distance,” the writer Roger Angell said. “He is certainly the strangest person I know. ” Above, Mr. Keillor in the 1970s. _____ 11. Investigators recovered the cockpit voice recorder from EgyptAir Flight 804 after locating wreckage on the Mediterranean floor. The recorder was in “a damaged state,” an official said, but may still be able to provide valuable clues as to why the Airbus 320 veered off course a month ago and plunged into the sea, killing all 66 aboard. Above, a diving robot at work. _____ 12. Finally, Orlando got an infusion of unconditional love from specially trained experts. Lutheran Church Charities sent 12 golden retrievers from its   Comfort Dogs team to make the rounds of hospitals, churches and vigils. “We’ve had a lot of people here that start petting the dog, and they break out crying,” a charity official said. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
"title: N.F.L. Wins Appeal, and Tom Brady Has Little Recourse - The New York Times author: Ken Belson text: Roger Goodell, the most powerful man in professional football, prevailed again Monday in his   battle with Tom Brady, one of the game’s most celebrated quarterbacks. And this time, Brady has virtually no chance of escaping a   suspension. Goodell’s victory came in a ruling by a   panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit that overturned a   decision and affirmed that Goodell, the N. F. L. commissioner, had broad discretion to suspend players according to the collective bargaining agreement with the players’ union. The panel’s decision can be appealed to the full Second Circuit, or even the Supreme Court, but the chance of a victory for Brady is “close to nil,” said Michael LeRoy, who teaches labor law at the University of Illinois at  . Assuming nothing changes, Brady could return to regular play as soon as Oct. 9. The N. F. L. ’s decision in the   Deflategate case  —   suspending one of its most popular players for being “generally aware” of a plot to deflate footballs in the 2015 A. F. C. championship game  —   captivated the nation like few football stories. Over the years, sports leagues have fought with some of their best players, including cases in which Major League Baseball butted heads with Barry Bonds and Alex Rodriguez. But never has a showdown between a league and a player centered on whether the player wanted to manipulate the air pressure in a ball. The case drew expert analysis from physicists and excoriation from fans  —   many in New England  —   who believed that the commissioner’s ruling was based on inadequate evidence. The saga raised fundamental questions about fairness on the field how teams look for an edge and whether the commissioner, who views himself as a stern taskmaster, had overstepped his bounds. The league’s decision to go after Brady also pitted the commissioner against Robert K. Kraft, the owner of the Patriots and long one of Goodell’s staunchest allies. At the Super Bowl in Arizona shortly after the scandal broke, Kraft, in a highly unusual move for an owner, lambasted the league for its handling of the case during an impromptu news conference. He also objected to the $1 million fine and loss of draft picks imposed on his team, but eventually accepted the penalties. Brady’s lawyers had argued that he was unfairly suspended after he was accused of involvement in a scheme to deflate footballs used in a playoff game, and last summer, a Federal District Court judge agreed, allowing Brady to play the entire 2015 season. The N. F. L. appealed that ruling to the Second Circuit, which heard oral arguments in early March. The judges were openly skeptical of many of the arguments made by Brady’s lawyer, signaling that they sided with the N. F. L. ’s case that Goodell had broad discretion to suspend players. In their decision, the judges did not consider the underlying facts of the case, including the science of football deflation, but instead looked solely at whether Goodell, as arbitrator, acted in the spirit of the collective bargaining agreement. “We hold that the commissioner properly exercised this broad discretion under the collective bargaining agreement and that his procedural rulings were properly grounded in that agreement and did not deprive Brady of fundamental fairness,” Judges Barrington Daniels Parker Jr. and Denny Chin wrote in their opinion. “Accordingly, we reverse the judgment of the district court and remand with instructions to confirm the award. ” In a dissent, Chief Judge Robert A. Katzmann said that Goodell had overstepped his role as arbitrator by changing his reason for penalizing Brady after he had heard the quarterback’s appeal. Initially, Goodell suspended Brady for his role in the plot to deflate footballs, then argued that Brady had obstructed the league’s investigation of the incident by destroying his cellphone, which might have contained messages between Brady and members of the Patriots’ staff. The Second Circuit made “the right ruling that conforms to a very well established pattern in the labor law,” LeRoy said. The judges said that despite the protestations of Kraft, Brady and the N. F. L. Players Association, Goodell was merely acting on the powers to which the league and union had agreed in their labor deal, the latest of which was signed in 2011. The judges acknowledged that the   pact in which the person who penalizes players also listens to appeals of those penalties might be unconventional, but they would not get in the way of a longstanding and transparent contract. “In their collective bargaining agreement, the players and the league mutually decided many years ago that the commissioner should investigate possible rule violations, should impose appropriate sanctions, and may preside at arbitrations challenging his discipline,” the judges wrote. The N. F. L. hailed the decision. “We are pleased the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ruled today that the commissioner properly exercised his authority under the collective bargaining agreement to act in cases involving the integrity of the game,” it said in a statement. “That authority has been recognized by many courts and has been expressly incorporated into every collective bargaining agreement between the N. F. L. and N. F. L. P. A. for the past 40 years. ” The players association said it was disappointed. “We fought Roger Goodell’s suspension of Tom Brady because we know he did not serve as a fair arbitrator and that players’ rights were violated under our collective bargaining agreement,” it said in a statement. If Brady’s suspension is not overturned by a higher court, he will presumably sit out the first four games of the season. (He is allowed to play and practice with the team in the preseason.) The Patriots play their opening game in Glendale, Ariz. against the Cardinals, and their next three games at home, in Foxborough, Mass. against the Miami Dolphins, the Houston Texans and the Buffalo Bills. Brady would then be eligible to return in Week 5, when the Patriots travel to Cleveland to play the Browns. The drama began on Jan. 18, 2015, when the New England Patriots hammered the Indianapolis Colts,   to advance to the Super Bowl. Shortly after the game, the N. F. L. began investigating whether the Patriots had used deflated footballs to gain an unfair advantage. “It’s ridiculous,” Brady said at the time, adding, “That’s the last of my worries. ” The N. F. L. released the results of its investigation last May, which stated that two   Patriots employees had knowingly deflated balls below the legal limit and that it was “more probable than not that Brady was at least generally aware of the inappropriate activities. ” A few days after the release of the report, the N. F. L. suspended Brady for four games without pay. By some measures, the case has done nothing to dent Brady’s popularity, or the country’s fascination with one of the sport’s biggest stars. On Monday, the players’ association said that licensed merchandise with Brady’s name on it was the   among all players last season, topping Peyton Manning, Russell Wilson and other popular players. Given the Patriots’ success the past 15 years, some fans are scrambling to adjust to the possibility that Brady will sit out the first four weeks of the season. BookMaker Sportsbook is reassessing its predictions for the Patriots’ season opener against the Cardinals. “Jimmy Garoppolo is certainly serviceable, but he’s not Tom Brady,” the company wrote about Brady’s backup. “And putting him under center on ‘Sunday Night Football’ in Week 1 for his first career N. F. L. start is asking quite a bit, especially against an elite Arizona secondary. ”"
"title: Snowden and WikiLeaks Clash Over How to Disclose Secrets - The New York Times author: Niraj Chokshi text: They may both support the dissemination of government secrets, but Edward J. Snowden and WikiLeaks seem to disagree on how best to do it. On Thursday, Mr. Snowden, the former government contractor who released a trove of National Security Agency documents and now lives in exile in Russia, credited WikiLeaks, a clearinghouse for similar disclosures, with furthering the cause of transparency but also criticized its unfiltered approach. His words prompted a swift and cutting reply from WikiLeaks, which had once come to his aid. Mr. Snowden, it suggested, was trying to ingratiate himself with Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, just days after WikiLeaks had released embarrassing emails showing that Democratic Party officials had derided the campaign of her main rival in the primary, Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. WikiLeaks is often criticized for releasing documents without editing or regard for the sensitive information they may contain. Mr. Snowden, on the other hand, has said that he chose to work with journalists in 2013 to selectively release the N. S. A. documents in order to limit the harmful consequences of exposing what he called the abuses of government surveillance. The exchange on Thursday was all the more striking in light of the past collaboration between Mr. Snowden and the group, which helped him as he sought to find a place to settle into exile. In June 2013, a WikiLeaks activist accompanied him as he made his way from Hong Kong to Moscow, a week after WikiLeaks’ founder, Julian Assange, encouraged the government of Ecuador to accept Mr. Snowden’s asylum request. “Mr. Snowden requested our expertise and assistance,” Mr. Assange said at the time. “We’ve been involved in very similar legal and diplomatic and geopolitical struggles to preserve the organization and its ability to publish. ”"
"title: Men, Is Exercise Putting a Damper on Your Sex Life? - The New York Times author: Gretchen Reynolds text: Men who exercise strenuously may have a lower libido than those whose workouts are lighter, according to one of the first studies to scientifically delve into the relationship between men’s workouts and their sex lives. For years, scientists and active people have debated whether and how exercise affects sexual desire and human reproduction. But most past studies have centered on women. Typically, this research has found that when some female athletes, such as marathon runners, train intensely for many hours a week, they can develop menstrual dysfunctions. These problems seem caused by hormonal imbalances related to physical stress and frequently affect a woman’s interest in sex and her ability to conceive. But such dysfunctions are rare and usually resolve after the athlete lightens her training load. Less is known about the effects of exercise, especially heavy exercise, on men’s libidos and fertility. There have been hints that, in moderate amounts, physical activity increases the male body’s production of the hormone testosterone, which theoretically should ramp up sex drive. Other small studies, on the other hand, have suggested that lengthy and grueling training may blunt the levels of testosterone in a man’s bloodstream both immediately and over the long term. But those studies examined only hormone changes related to exercise, which can be measured easily, and not differences in sexual emotions and behavior, which are tougher to quantify. So for the new study, which was published this month in Medicine  Science in Sports  Exercise, researchers at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill decided to ask active men about their sex lives. They began by developing a questionnaire based on earlier psychological research into men’s sexual behavior that asked, for instance, how often they thought about and engaged in sex. The scientists also created a separate questionnaire with detailed queries about exercise habits, including how often and intensely the men worked out each week. A final set of questions asked about general health and medical histories. Then the researchers contacted running, cycling and triathlon training groups, university athletic departments, and publications targeted at endurance athletes and asked them to alert members and readers to the questionnaires, which were available online. Almost 1, 100 physically active adult men completed all of the questions. Most were experienced athletes who had participated for years in training and competitions. The scientists used their responses to stratify the men based on both the extent and intensity of their workouts. They wound up with groups whose weekly exercise was short, moderately lengthy or quite prolonged, and separately whose weekly exercise was light, moderate or extremely intense. It was possible, of course, for someone to be in the top or bottom of both of these categories, meaning that their workouts were both long and intense or light and short. But the scientists wanted to examine each of those aspects of a workout separately, so did not track such overlaps. They also categorized the men according to their answers about their sex lives, creating groups with relatively high, moderate or low libidos. Finally, they compared the men’s exercise habits to their reported interest and engagement in sex. And there were clear patterns. The men whose exercise routines were moderate or light in intensity or duration were far more likely to report moderate or high libidos than were the men whose workouts were especially prolonged or intense, even after the researchers controlled for age. (Older men tend to report less interest in sex, although not by much.) In effect, strenuous exercise “was associated with lower libido,” says Anthony Hackney, a professor of exercise physiology and nutrition at the University of North Carolina who led the study. Of course, this was a small sample of men who voluntarily chose to complete a personally intrusive survey. It is impossible to know whether they were truthful or representative of the rest of their gender. This type of study also cannot tell us whether too much exercise actually causes low libido, only that the two are linked. And it did not examine why strenuous exercise might dampen libidos. But Dr. Hackney speculates that both physical fatigue and lower testosterone levels after exhausting exercise likely play a role. He and his colleagues hope to soon mount experiments that directly track exercise, hormone levels and libidos to learn more about their interactions. They also aim to learn more about whether the intensity of the workouts or duration has the greater impact on male sex drive. Perhaps most important, he hopes eventually to pin down at what point exercise might start to lower some men’s libidos. Both moderate and light physical activity were associated in this study with relatively high libidos, he points out. “But there does seem be a potential tipping point,” after which more exercise may blunt desire. The necessary studies likely will require years and many cooperative men to complete. In the meantime, he suggests that if someone is worried about whether his training is affecting his sex life, he might try exercising a little less, to see if his libido changes. This advice could be especially important for couples trying to conceive, he says. “Fertility specialists will often ask a woman about whether and how much she exercises,” he says. “Based on our data, we think they should also be asking the man. ”"
"title: U.S. Drone Strike Targets Taliban Leader - The New York Times author: Helene Cooper text: WASHINGTON  —   An American drone strike targeted the leader of the Taliban, Mullah Akhtar Muhammad Mansour, in Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan, United States officials said on Saturday, in the most significant American incursion inside Pakistan since Navy SEALs killed Osama bin Laden, the Qaeda leader, in 2011. In a statement issued on Saturday, Peter Cook, the Pentagon press secretary, said the military was still assessing whether Mullah Mansour was killed in the strike, which was carried out by an unmanned drone. Mr. Cook said Mullah Mansour was “actively involved” in planning attacks in Kabul and across Afghanistan, and had been “an obstacle to peace and reconciliation between the government of Afghanistan and the Taliban, prohibiting Taliban leaders from participating in peace talks with the Afghan government that could lead to an end to the conflict. ” A United States official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the military operation, said that the strike occurred around 6 a. m. Eastern time on Saturday, and that Mullah Mansour and a second adult male fighter traveling with him in a vehicle were probably killed. Even so, officials offered caution because early assessments of the deaths of militant and terrorist leaders in American strikes have proved inaccurate in the past. The drone strike, authorized by President Obama, took place in a remote area of Pakistan along the border with Afghanistan, southwest of the town of Ahmad Wal. The strike was carried out by several unmanned aircraft operated by United States Special Operations forces, the official said. News of the strike came as Gen. Joseph Votel, head of the United States Central Command, was completing a secret trip to northern Syria, where he visited American Special Operations forces and met with local fighters being trained by the United States in the battle against the Islamic State. General Votel is the   American military official to travel to Syria during the war. But the strike against Mullah Mansour served as a reminder that even as the Obama administration has talked of an end of combat operations in Afghanistan and has focused on fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, the fighting in Afghanistan  —   and the risk of rising militancy there  —   has continued. “Since the death of Mullah Omar and Mansour’s assumption of leadership, the Taliban have conducted many attacks that have resulted in the death of tens of thousands of Afghan civilians and Afghan security forces as well as numerous U. S. and coalition personnel,” Mr. Cook said in a statement announcing the airstrike. Mullah Mansour had long remained a mystery to American policy makers and the United States military. In the 1990s, he was the Taliban government’s chief of aviation while Afghanistan had few planes he also oversaw the tourism department when there were few tourists. But in the years after the Taliban leadership was driven into exile in Pakistan in 2001, Mullah Mansour became central to the group’s reincarnation as a powerful insurgency. After the death of the Taliban’s founder, Mullah Muhammad Omar, Mullah Mansour became the group’s supreme leader and the architect of the most recent insurgent assault that swept across northern Afghanistan. Yet even as he was acting leader of the Taliban, he kept secret the fact that Mullah Omar had been dead since 2013. And unlike Mullah Omar, Mullah Mansour did not live in hiding. Some of the time he lived in a southern neighborhood of Quetta, Pakistan, in an enclave where he and other Taliban leaders from the same Pashtun tribe, the Ishaqzai, had built homes. And although he is on the United Nations   list, Mullah Mansour has repeatedly taken flights in and out of Pakistan, Afghanistan officials said, to Dubai, where he has a house and several investments. Even as the Taliban operating inside Afghanistan remains a formidable and violent force, Mullah Mansour has had difficulties uniting his ranks after months of infighting. In April, for example, a Taliban spokesman said the new leader had appointed the brother and son of Mullah Omar, the movement’s deceased founder, to senior leadership posts. Mullah Mansour has faced criticism and even rebellion from field commanders who distrusted his ties to Pakistan and his handling of the succession. He brutally quashed breakaway groups and sought to buy the support of other skeptical commanders, all while maintaining a publicity campaign that has portrayed him atop a united command. After his confirmation as the new leader of the insurgency, when large gatherings of Taliban were held in Quetta, Mullah Mansour had limited his movements in recent months, Afghan officials say. While the reason given to his subordinates was security  —   he narrowly missed an attempt on his life, blamed on dissidents within Taliban ranks, in December  —   keeping the leader at a distance from the commanders follows a pattern that became routine under Mullah Omar. Mullah Mansour’s deputies, including Sirajuddin Haqqani, who is largely running battlefield operations, continue to move freely in Pakistan."
"title: It’s Probably a Bad Idea to Sell Stocks Because You Fear Trump - The New York Times author: Neil Irwin text: “So should I cash out of the stock market?” This is the question I’ve heard from several   friends in the last few months. I get a few emails in this vein every time the stock market hits new highs, as it did on Friday. They are worried that the combination of high share prices and an erratic president mean that the only direction for stocks is down. They are considering shifting some of their assets into cash or bonds. The short and safe answer to give them is: “I don’t know. ” But there’s also a long answer. Letting one’s political opinions shape investing decisions is a good way to lose money. Whether a given chunk of your savings should be in stocks, bonds or cash depends on your appetite for risk and when you’re going to need that money. It shouldn’t be shaped by whether you love or hate the current occupant of the White House. We all have a tendency to fall for motivated reasoning. If you think President Trump and his policies are bad, there’s a natural tendency to think that this will soon be reflected in share prices. That could turn out to be true. But politics makes us stupid. It can cause us to overweight the risks and perils we want to see, and underweight the possibility that, at least in terms of markets, things could go quite well. First, much of the movement in stocks has little to do with what the president of the United States does. It would be silly to credit Bill Clinton with the   boom that took place during his presidency, or to blame George W. Bush for the collapse of it. But even when the action in Washington is driving markets, it is easy to be blinded by your political opinions. The response to the financial crisis by the Obama administration and the Federal Reserve in early 2009 succeeded at ending the recession and setting the United States economy on an expansion that continues to this day. Conservatives tended to malign the stock market rally every step of the way. But those who put their money where their mouth was  —   that is, into cash instead of stocks  —   lost out on a 182 percent gain in the Standard  Poor’s 500 during the Obama presidency. Liberals are just as susceptible to this motivated reasoning. Barry Ritholtz of Ritholtz Wealth Management recalls hearing   friends in the hedge fund industry confidently assert in 2003 that the Bush tax cuts would be bad for markets by blowing out the budget deficit and failing to create jobs. Instead, the stock market rose steadily from that point until late 2007. There’s certainly no guarantee that the stock market will continue to rise under the Trump administration. There are ways that the outlook for investors could get better, and also plenty of ways for them to get worse. It’s very likely there will be corporate tax cuts and deregulation, both of which benefit companies’ bottom lines in a pretty direct and measurable way. It is optimism about those policy priorities that has driven the market rally since Election Day. Throw in some extra government spending on the military and public infrastructure, and you have a recipe for speedier growth. Maybe the pragmatic,   figures in the Trump administration will prevail in internal battles, meaning that, whatever you think of the broader policy agenda, there could be boom times for corporate bottom lines. There are, of course, darker possibilities. President Trump could spark a trade war that could turn into a global recession. Military conflict could break out with a major trading partner like China or could disrupt oil supplies in the Middle East. And a small crisis could spiral into something bigger because of Mr. Trump’s     management style. Whatever probability you assign to positive and negative outcomes, it’s hard to dispute that the range of possibilities for what the global economy will look like in four years is uncommonly large. All else being equal, more variation in the economic future means that stocks are riskier. It’s also true that by many measures stock valuations are high. Investing $100 in the S. .P 500 buys only about $4. 69 in annual earnings, down from $5. 06 before the election. There is always the possibility of a major correction  —   something that would be true no matter who was in the Oval Office. If that scares you, your money probably shouldn’t be in the stock market. If you are planning to tap into those investments in the next few years and a 25 percent drop would be devastating, that’s all the more reason to limit your exposure to the market. Stocks tend to offer good   returns, but can deliver low or negative returns for many years at a time. Moving money out of stocks because you need it within the next few years and can’t stomach that kind of risk is one thing. But making a move just because you lack confidence in President Trump could be a case of letting ideology trump investing discipline."
"title: Duterte Promises China ’Not Even One Gun’ in South China Sea After Call for Occupation author: Frances Martel text: Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte shocked international observers last week with a call to occupy the uninhabited islands of the South China Sea before China colonized them, an apparent   from his   campaign to improve bilateral relations with China. [Duterte assured China that he merely wanted to “maintain the geopolitical balance” in the Spratly Islands on Monday, an archipelago that both China and the Philippines, as well as Vietnam, claim in part.   “For the information of China, we will not place there any offensive weapons, not even one gun,” he promised. “We are just there to claim the island for us because that is really ours. And I have ordered the Armed Forces to build structures there to signify to all that the islands are ours, and the Philippine flag should be placed on the structures. ” “China can relax, we are friends,” he added. “We will not go to war with you. ” Duterte has repeatedly asserted his fears that the Philippine military does not have the assets necessary to defeat China in a war. The Chinese government claims almost all territory in the South China Sea, including the sovereign territory of the Philippines, Vietnam, Taiwan, Brunei, Malaysia, and the waters off Natuna Island in Indonesia. In a landmark ruling last year, the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague ruled that China’s claims were invalid before international law and the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Seas, granting the Philippines full sovereignty over the contested territory. Last week, Duterte abruptly announced a military operation to reassert Manila’s presence in the Spratly Islands. “We tried to be friends with everybody but we have to maintain our jurisdiction now, at least the areas under our control. And I have ordered the armed forces to occupy all these,” he said. “Even those, those vacant (islands) that are considered ours, let’s live there,” Duterte added. “It’s like we’re all competing to take these islands. And what’s ours now at least, let’s take it and make a strong point there that this is ours. ” “This coming Independence Day [June 12] I may go to Pagasa [Thitu Island, Spratlys] to raise the flag. We want to make a strong point that that is ours,” Duterte promised. The announcement of a potential personal visit to the islands received a positive reception in Philippine media. “A visit to Pagasa will convey with impact the message of President Duterte about his looking after the needs of the most disadvantaged communities and the military contingent keeping watch over the threatened frontiers of the archipelago,” columnist Federico Pascual Jr. wrote in the Philippine Star. “With this one act, the President may nip the growing impression that he seems to be succumbing to China’s blandishments. ” The positive reception comes as little surprise given the public sentiment towards China in the Philippines. A poll released in late January found that 84 percent of Filipinos supported a confrontation with China over the South China Sea territories, particularly the Spratly and Paracel Islands. Another poll released this week, both by the firm Pulse Asia, found that Duterte’s approval ratings have fallen since December, though he still boasts an impressive 78 percent approval rating. Duterte has hinted for some time that he has changed his opinion on the presence of China in Philippine territory in the region. In March, the president made a vague promise to “tell them [China] straight that this is ours” by ordering the military to build “structures” on uninhabited islands in the region. “The President wants facilities built such as: barracks for the men, water (desalination) and sewage disposal systems, power generators (conventional and renewable) lighthouses, and shelters for fishermen,” Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana clarified."
"title: Christians Celebrate Easter - Breitbart author: Ken Klukowski text: “For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures, and that he appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve. Then he appeared to more than five hundred brothers at one time, most of whom are still alive   …    . ”   —  1 Corinthians 15:3 —  8 (ESV). Christians all over the world are celebrating Easter as the Sunday anniversary of Jesus Christ being resurrected from the dead. A week that began with the triumphant entry on Palm Sunday then took a historic turn on Good Friday, when Jesus of Nazareth was publicly executed. After hours of torture and beatings, he was nailed to a cross, which was an agonizing form of death penalty (from which we get the English word “excruciating”). To confirm he had died before removing his body from the cross, a Roman soldier thrust a spear deep into his abdomen, ensuring that there was no chance Jesus was still alive. His followers scattered and hid. Yet beginning a couple days later on Sunday, they began yelling in the streets that Jesus was alive. They claimed to have seen them with their own eyes. They boldly preached that message all over the known world, even as it cost them their lives. It is the most central tenet of the Christian faith. For almost 2, 000 years between then and now, on this day, it is still customary in many parts of the world to hear someone say to a friend, or a stranger, or a room full of people, “He is risen!” To which the customary reply is, “He is risen, indeed!” How can the radical shift of behavior from the disciples of a dead man be explained? What exactly do Christians believe happened on that day in question in A. D. 30, and how does the Bible describe the account? From the Gospel according to Luke: But on the first day of the week, at early dawn, they went to the tomb, taking the spices they had prepared. And they found the stone rolled away from the tomb, but when they went in they did not find the body of the Lord Jesus. While they were perplexed about this, behold, two men stood by them in dazzling apparel. And as they were frightened and bowed their faces to the ground, the men said to them, “Why do you seek the living among the dead? He is not here, but has risen. Remember how he told you, while he was still in Galilee, that the Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinful men and be crucified and on the third day rise. ” And they remembered his words, and returning from the tomb they told all these things to the eleven and to all the rest. Now it was Mary Magdalene and Joanna and Mary the mother of James and the other women with them who told these things to the apostles, but these words seemed to them an idle tale, and they did not believe them. But Peter rose and ran to the tomb, stooping and looking in, he saw the linen cloths by themselves and he went home marveling at what had happened. That very day two of them were going to a village named Emmaus, about seven miles from Jerusalem, and they were talking with each other about all these things that had happened. While they were talking and discussing together, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were kept from recognizing him. And he said to them, “What is this conversation that you are holding with each other as you walk?” And they stood still, looking sad. Then one of them, named Cleopas, answered him, “Are you the only visitor to Jerusalem who does not know the things that have happened there in these days?” And he said to them, “What things?” And they said to him, “Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, a man who was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people, and how our chief priests and rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death, and crucified him. But we had hoped that he was the one to redeem Israel. Yes, and besides all this, it is now the third day since these things happened. Moreover, some women of our company amazed us. They were at the tomb early in the morning, and when they did not find his body, they came back saying that they had even seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive. Some of those who were with us went to the tomb and found it just as the women had said, but him they did not see. And he said to them, “O foolish ones, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets had spoken! Was it not necessary that the Christ should suffer these things and enter into his glory?” And beginning with Moses and all the Prophets, he interpreted to them in all the Scriptures the things concerning himself. So they drew near to the village to which they were going. He acted as if he were going farther, but they urged him strongly, saying, “Stay with us, for it is toward evening and the day is now far spent. ” So he went in to stay with them. When he was at table with them, he took the bread and blessed and broke it and gave it to them. And their eyes were opened, and they recognized him. And he vanished from their sight. They said to each other, “Did not our hearts burn within us while he talked to us on the road, while he opened to us the Scriptures?” And they rose that same hour and returned to Jerusalem. And they found the eleven and those who were with them gathered together, saying, “The Lord has risen indeed, and has appeared to Simon!” Then they told what had happened on the road, and how he was known to them in the breaking of the bread. As they were talking about these things, Jesus himself stood among them, and said to them, “Peace to you!” But they were startled and frightened and thought they saw a spirit. And he said to them, “Why are you troubled, and why do doubts arise in your hearts? See my hands and my feet, that it is I myself. Touch me, and see. For a spirit does not have flesh and bones as you see that I have. ” And when he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet. And while they still disbelieved for joy and were marveling, he said to them, “Have you anything here to eat?” They gave him a piece of broiled fish, and he took it and ate it before them. Then he said to them, “These are my words that I spoke to you while I was still with you, that everything written about me in the Law of Moses and the Prophets and the Psalms must be fulfilled. ” Then he opened their minds to understand the Scriptures, and said to them, “Thus it is written, that the Christ should suffer and on the third day rise from the dead, and that repentance and forgiveness of sins should be proclaimed in his name to all nations, beginning from Jerusalem. You are witnesses of these things. And behold, I am sending the promise of my Father upon you. But stay in the city until you are clothed with power from on high. ” Then he led them out as far as Bethany, and lifting up his hands he blessed them. While he blessed them, he parted from them and was carried into heaven. And they worshiped him and returned to Jerusalem with great joy, and were continually in the temple blessing God.  —  Luke 24:1 —  50 (ESV). Happy Easter! “There in the ground his body lay, light of the world by darkness slain then bursting forth in glorious day, up from the grave he rose again! And as he stands in victory, sin’s curse has lost its grip on me for I am his, and he is mine —  bought with the precious blood of Christ. ” —  “In Christ Alone” (2001) Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski."
"title: Marine Le Pen Denies French Guilt for Rounding Up Jews - The New York Times author: Adam Nossiter text: PARIS  —   A casual remark about France’s wartime   actions by Marine Le Pen, the leader of the   National Front, threatened on Monday to derail her yearslong effort aimed at “ ” her party just as she is emerging as a strong contender in this month’s presidential election. The remark was made on Sunday during an interview in which she referred to the most notorious roundup of Jews in France during World War II, when nearly 13, 000 were arrested in Paris by the French police on July 16 and 17, 1942, in what is known as the “Vel d’Hiv roundup. ” “France wasn’t responsible for the Vel d’Hiv,” she said. “If there was responsibility, it is with those who were in power at the time, it is not with France. France has been mistreated, in people’s minds, for years. ” Ms. Le Pen’s words created a small eruption in an already heated campaign, drawing strong criticism by politicians right, left and center and by Jewish groups, who all saw it as an echo of her party’s   roots. In addition, the remark contradicted over 20 years of state policy, which has been to recognize French responsibility for the roundup, in which thousands of men, women and children were rousted from their homes by French police officers, parked in a stinking overcrowded sports arena in Paris  —   the Vélodrome d’Hiver, which has since been destroyed  —   and eventually deported to their deaths in concentration camps. Ms. Le Pen’s words also flew in the face of over four decades of historical research into the eager collaboration of the wartime French government, which had been installed in the spa town of Vichy. It was the French government’s police chief, René Bousquet  —   a favorite of the head of the government at the time  —   who organized the roundup, impressing his German counterparts with his energy. “Vichy did not have a knife to its throat,” the historian Philippe Burrin wrote of the Vel d’Hiv roundup in his landmark book, “La France à l’Heure Allemande,” (“France Under the Germans”). “Without the help of the police”  —   the French police  —   “the SS was paralyzed,” Mr. Burrin wrote. “The French authorities were entirely disposed to get rid of foreign Jews,” he wrote, referring to the officials’ offer to the Nazis, on that occasion at least, to hand over Jews who were not French citizens. Ms. Le Pen’s remark on Sunday was criticized as a “grave mistake” by her principal election opponent, the former economy minister Emmanuel Macron, and as “negationism” by a leader on the right, Christian Estrosi, the president of the    d’Azur region. The Israeli government also had harsh words, as did French Jewish organizations. Ms. Le Pen’s campaign has been oriented around an extreme form of nationalism, and she often criticizes historians and others who bring up the uglier aspects of France’s past, as she did on Sunday. “We’ve taught our children that they have all the reasons in the world to criticize it, to only see its darkest historical aspects,” she said. “I want them to be proud of being French. ” Mainstream candidates on the right have uttered similar sentiments about respecting France’s “national narrative. ” But the Vel d’Hiv and France’s wartime treatment of its Jews have generally been   to this sort of historical revisionism. As the American historian Robert Paxton has pointed out, France was unique in Western Europe in that it was the only country to use its own police force for roundups in territory not occupied by the Germans. Ever since President Jacques Chirac declared in a speech in 1995 commemorating the Vel d’Hiv roundup that “France, on that day, committed the irreparable,” the question of French complicity and guilt has appeared largely settled, officially at least. “Going back on its word, it delivered those whom it was protecting to their executioners,” Mr. Chirac said at the time. On Sunday night, to quiet the growing polemic, Ms. Le Pen tried to place her words in the context of others who have disassociated the Vichy government from France itself. “I consider that France and its Republic were in London during the occupation, and that the Vichy regime wasn’t France,” Ms. Le Pen said in a news release. There again, the historians’ verdict is different. The Vichy government initially enjoyed wide support, its functionaries and officials came largely from the prewar bureaucracy, and many went on to have excellent careers in government and business after the war. Foreign countries, including the United States, maintained embassies at Vichy and had cordial relations with it. Mr. Bousquet received a suspended sentence in 1949 and had a successful career in business afterward. His role and high connections were only belatedly   40 years later, when he was charged with crimes against humanity. He was shot dead by a deranged person in June 1993. “To isolate Vichy from the French population, that doesn’t hold up for one second,” one of France’s leading historians of the period, Henry Rousso, said on Monday. “You only have to look at the newsreels of the crowds applauding Pétain,” Mr. Rousso said, referring to the wartime Vichy leader, Marshal Pétain. “Not all of France was at Vichy. But a part of it was. ” Ms. Le Pen’s remark was all the more puzzling in that she has worked strenuously to dissociate herself from her party’s   past, embodied by her father, the party founder,   Le Pen, who notoriously called the Holocaust a “detail in the history of the Second World War. ”   Nazi collaborators were prominent in the early leadership of the National Front in the 1970s  —   including members of the French SS and collaborationist Milice, and even a leading official of the French wartime   agency, a minor cog in the Holocaust. By the end of the 1980s, Holocaust denial “had become a wholesale part of the Front’s ideology,” the historian Valérie Igounet has written. Ms. Le Pen has typically distanced herself from that aspect of her party."
"title: Maher: The Word For Bannon Calling For ’Deconstruction of Administrative State’ Is ’Terrorist’ - Breitbart author: Ian Hanchett text: On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher reacted to White House Chief Strategist and former Breitbart News chairman Steve Bannon’s statement about the “deconstruction of the administrative state” by stating, “I’m not sure the word for that is ‘conservative.’ I think it’s ‘terrorist. ’”  Maher said, “[T]he scariest thing at CPAC was President Steve Bannon saying  …    Trump’s cabinet was selected for a reason, and that is the ‘deconstruction of the administrative state.’ Wow. I’m not sure the word for that is ‘conservative.’ I think it’s ‘terrorist.’   …     You can’t impeach a guy for, my plan is to wreck everything. What if you tried this at Quiznos? I intend to spit in this sandwich, steal all the money from the register, and burn the place down. What do you think?” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"title: Review: Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher, at Home in ‘Bright Lights’ - The New York Times author: Margaret Lyons text: Perhaps the documentary “Bright Lights: Starring Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds” would seem less poignant and compelling had its subjects not just died, or had they not died, stunningly, within a day of each other. But the movie’s plucky intimacy shines through that fog. It’s a portrait, not a tribute  —   though as the documentary reminds us, every portrait is in some way a tribute to something. The film, directed by the actor Fisher Stevens and Alexis Bloom, debuts on HBO Saturday night after the cable network moved up its premiere from March. That decision is hard to begrudge. As this movie makes evident, these two were no strangers to making headlines. Ms. Reynolds was well known to one generation for, in part, the tabloid bonanza surrounding her when her husband Eddie Fisher skipped out with her best friend, Elizabeth Taylor. Several other generations have grown up surrounded by all things Princess Leia, memorably played by Ms. Fisher in the “Star Wars” films. “Bright Lights” finds mother and daughter living in separate houses in what they call “the compound. ” Ms. Fisher takes a soufflé out of her oven and carries it on a tray down the path to her mother’s house. “I usually come to her,” Ms. Fisher says. She pauses. “I always come to her. ” Who wouldn’t? She’s Debbie Reynolds, movie star and cabaret performer. Ms. Reynolds rose to fame with cheery, wholesome roles, and even in her 80s could turn on that pert sunniness in a split second, so smoothly you’d never know it was an act  —   except that this is a documentary, and it includes the footage of just before this light clicks on. “It’s not my best day,” she sighs, sounding weary and a little   as she and Mr. Stevens discuss where exactly the camera will be. And then  —   bing!  —   there she is, as perky as a kindergarten teacher. Because the gently quirky celebrity documentary is an enjoyable if standardized format, the potency of “Bright Lights” sneaks up on you. If it were just about its subjects’ huge, starry lives, that really would be enough for a documentary. But it also smartly, and subtly, pushes its audience to ask two of modern pop society’s central, uncomfortable questions: First, are famous people “real” people? And second, am I becoming my mother? By the time Mr. Stevens and Ms. Bloom start filming, this almost cosmic   between mother and daughter seems to have resolved itself to a wry but balanced mutual orbit. Though both women seem a little reluctant to admit it, the similarities between them abound. Ms. Fisher’s house is decorated eclectically, with memorabilia and silly knickknacks everywhere. Ms. Reynolds’s collection is far more orderly: She was among Hollywood’s great archivists and had hoped to open a museum, but instead is resigned to auctioning off many of her pieces, including Marilyn Monroe’s famous   dress from “The Seven Year Itch” and a pair of Judy Garland’s   shoes from “The Wizard of Oz. ” “I like my ghosts,” she tells her daughter. Ms. Fisher is brainy and salty and hilarious, and she’s frank and eloquent in describing being bipolar. We see both archival and    footage of Ms. Fisher in manic phases, and she’s articulate, artful even, about her  . “One mood is the meal the next mood is the check,” she says. But she too knows how to flip the switch. She refers to her appearances at fan conventions as “the lap dance,” but engages with her fans nonetheless. A woman cries. Little girls in their Princess Leia costumes beam. Their heroine gamely poses for photo after photo, signing every manner of memorabilia. It’s not so different, really, from her mother’s cabaret act. That nightclub act comes up several times in “Bright Lights,” including footage of a    Carrie being summoned to the stage to sing “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” Her bold alto voice and sassy   almost, but don’t quite, belie that she’s a barely cooperative teenager desperate to rebel. Ms. Fisher says she rejected singing more or less to spite her mother. Six or so years after that nightclub performance, she married Paul Simon. You know. The guy who wrote “Bridge Over Troubled Water. ” It’s all so Hollywood, so poetic, so dramatic. Despite their extraordinary circumstances, much of the family banter among Ms. Reynolds her son, Todd Fisher and Ms. Fisher seems like ordinary talk. Adult siblings agonize over an aging parent’s finances and  . Mother and daughter have the same shoes. Brother and sister exchange knowing “well, that’s Mom” shrugs. There’s no people like show people, but Hollywood families are, somehow, still just families."
"title: Ahmad Khan Rahami Was Inspired by Bin Laden, Charges Say - The New York Times author: Marc Santora and Adam Goldman text: The man who the authorities say set off powerful bombs in Manhattan and on the Jersey Shore over the weekend planned the attacks for months, conducted a dry run just days before unleashing his assault and took inspiration from “Brother Osama bin Laden” and other international terrorists, according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court on Tuesday. The man, Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, was charged with several crimes, including use of weapons of mass destruction and bombing a place of public use, and the criminal complaint against him outlines how close the attacks came to causing death and even more destruction. The bomb in Manhattan’s Chelsea neighborhood on Saturday night was powerful enough to vault a heavy steel Dumpster more than 120 feet through the air, according to the complaint. Windows shattered 400 feet from where the explosion went off, and pieces of the bomb were recovered 650 feet away. Among the 31 victims  —   two more than first reported  —   one had to have multiple ball bearings removed from her body as well as bits of metal from an ear and wood shards from her neck, the complaint says. The charges came on a day when it was revealed that Mr. Rahami’s father told the authorities two years ago that he feared his son was a terrorist, prompting a review by the Federal Bureau of Investigation that did not find any basis for a fuller inquiry. The complaint says Mr. Rahami was motivated by an extremist Islamic ideology that he recorded in a notebook he had with him when he was shot and wounded by the police in Linden, N. J. on Monday morning before being taken into custody. Pierced by a bullet and splattered with blood, the journal contains screeds against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. In one handwritten message, Mr. Rahami pleads that he not be caught before carrying out his planned attacks. “My heart I pray to the beautiful wise ALLAH,” he wrote. “To not take JIHAD away from. I beg. ” Elsewhere in the notebook, the complaint says, he refers to pipe bombs and pressure cookers as well as to shooting police officers. Mr. Rahami writes of “killing the kuffar,” or unbelievers, and praises terrorist figures, including Anwar   once Al Qaeda’s leading propagandist, who died in a drone strike in Yemen, as well as the soldier in the Fort Hood shooting, among the deadliest of the   lone wolf attacks inspired by Al Qaeda. Mr. Rahami had been meticulously planning his attack since at least June, according to the complaint, acquiring the materials he used to construct his weapons, often via eBay, where he was registered as “ahmad rahimi. ” While items like “Ammo Slingshot Steelies” and electric igniters used for fireworks displays might seem harmless, in Mr. Rahami’s hands, they were combined to create tools of potential carnage, the complaint says. Two days before the bombing in Chelsea, according to the complaint, Mr. Rahami recorded video of himself igniting an incendiary device in the backyard of his Elizabeth, N. J. home. The lighting of a fuse, the complaint says, is followed by “billowing smoke and laughter,” before Mr. Rahami is seen entering the frame and picking up the device. David Patton, the chief federal defender in Manhattan, said on Tuesday that his lawyers’ immediate goal was for Mr. Rahami, who remains in the hospital, to appear before a judge “so that he can be informed of the charges against him. ” Late on Tuesday Mr. Patton wrote to the court, asking that Mr. Rahami be given a court appearance on Wednesday at the earliest possible time. If he cannot travel to Manhattan for medical reasons, Mr. Patton proposed a hearing by phone or video conference. The complaint leaves unanswered questions about when Mr. Rahami began to harbor such apparent antipathy for the country he had lived in for years and where he had become a naturalized citizen. As happened with those involved in   cases in Orlando, Fla. San Bernardino, Calif. and Boston, federal authorities had looked into Mr. Rahami’s life well before he launched his assaults. Federal agents first became aware of Mr. Rahami two years ago, when his father shared with them his concerns that his son might be involved in terrorism. The F. B. I. which had been notified about Mr. Rahami by the local police after a domestic dispute involving the family, said in a statement that it conducted a review  —   checking its databases, contacting other agencies and conducting interviews. But the review did not turn up anything that warranted further inquiry, and the matter was closed. Investigators have not discovered any ties between Mr. Rahami and known terrorist groups, and no one has claimed responsibility for his attacks. While the Islamic State is usually quick to claim credit for attacks around the world, organizations linked to Al Qaeda vary widely in when or if they do so. One key area of the investigation involves whether Mr. Rahami had help building the bombs or if anyone knew what he was doing and did not report it. In all, he is linked to 10 explosive devices found in the region. Among those Mr. Rahami praises in his notebook, according to the complaint, is Mr. Awlaki, whose lectures and jihadist declarations are widely available on the web. So, too, is Inspire magazine, which has published detailed instructions for making pipe bombs as well as more sophisticated explosive devices using pressure cookers and Christmas lights, the components used in the New   bombs. Despite being killed in a drone strike ordered by President Obama, Mr. Awlaki remains a powerful influence on   jihadists, especially in the   West. Among his documented admirers were Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his wife killed 14 people in San Bernardino Omar Mateen, who fatally shot 49 people in an Orlando nightclub and Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, who staged an attack at the finish line of the Boston Marathon with   bombs in 2013. The authorities are also scrutinizing a number of trips Mr. Rahami made overseas, particularly several to Pakistan. In May 2011, he made a   trip to Quetta, according to law enforcement officials, citing Customs and Border Protection records. In April 2013, he traveled to Quetta again and did not return until March 2014, according to information provided to customs authorities by the New York City police. Mr. Rahami’s wife, Asia, who left the country days before the bombing, is now in the United Arab Emirates. She provided a statement to the F. B. I. according to officials, and the authorities are working to bring her back into the country as soon as possible. The F. B. I. believes Mr. Rahami acted alone but is trying to speak with everyone who knew him. It was unclear when Mr. Rahami married his wife, but after returning from a nearly yearlong visit to Pakistan in March 2014, he was increasingly desperate to get her into the country. He was still in Pakistan when he emailed Representative Albio Sires, Democrat of New Jersey, asking for help getting her a visa, the congressman said. Ms. Rahami’s Pakistani passport had expired, and agents at the United States Embassy in Islamabad discovered that she was 35 weeks pregnant, Mr. Sires said. Ms. Rahami was told she would need to wait until her baby was born before she could apply for United States visas for her and the child. She eventually came to the United States. It was unclear when her visa issue was resolved. But in August 2014, Mr. Rahami got into a fight with his family, during which he stabbed his brother in the leg with a knife, court records show. When the police arrived, Mr. Rahami’s father told them of his concerns about his son’s possible involvement in terrorism. The information was passed to the Joint Terrorism Task Force led by the F. B. I. in Newark. Officers opened what is known as an assessment, the most basic of F. B. I. investigations, and interviewed the father multiple times. They never interviewed Mr. Rahami, who was in jail at the time, according to two law enforcement officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The father, Mohammad Rahami, said in an interview that at the time he told F. B. I. agents about his concerns his son was going through a difficult period. “Two years ago I go to the F. B. I. because my son was doing really bad, O. K.?” he said. “But they check almost two months, they say, ‘He’s O. K. he’s clean, he’s not a terrorist.’ I say O. K. ” He added: “Now they say he is a terrorist. I say O. K. ” One official familiar with the inquiry said that the elder Mr. Rahami, after his initial comments about his son, recanted and said he had spoken out of anger. The assessment of Mr. Rahami illustrates the challenges the F. B. I. faces as it solicits information from the public about people who might pose a threat and then must sort through what is credible, while balancing the need to protect the country without overstepping its authority. Depending on the intensity and urgency of an inquiry, there are three types of investigations the F. B. I. can undertake with varying levels of intrusive techniques. The first is an assessment, in which agents use basic techniques like conducting interviews, talking to confidential informers, using physical surveillance and checking databases and public records. Next come preliminary and full investigations, which can be initiated if agents believe a federal crime has been committed or there is a threat to national security. Those investigations can involve polygraphs, undercover agents and mail searches. Both assessments and preliminary inquiries have time limits. A full investigation has no such time limits, but does eventually require review and employs powerful electronic surveillance tools, requiring the approval of a court warrant. Among other things, it allows for the secret interception of international communications. Like Mr. Rahami, one of the Boston bombers, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, was the subject of an assessment in 2011. And just as with Mr. Rahami, the F. B. I. did not generate any additional leads that would have prompted a more serious investigation. The Tsarnaev assessment was one of approximately 1, 000 the Joint Terrorism Task Force in Boston carried out that year. In the Orlando nightclub attack this year, the circumstances were different. Mr. Mateen, who carried out the deadly assault, had made highly inflammatory comments, which came to the attention of investigators, raising the profile of his case to a preliminary inquiry. He told colleagues he had family ties to Al Qaeda and was a member of Hezbollah. During the   investigation, Mr. Mateen was interviewed twice, and the F. B. I. used confidential informers. Still, the bureau found no evidence that his statements were credible or that he had ties to terrorism. While the federal assessment of Mr. Rahami was closed weeks after it began, he did face criminal charges of aggravated assault and illegal weapons possession stemming from the domestic dispute, according to court records. He spent over three months in jail, according to a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation. A grand jury, however, declined to indict Mr. Rahami."
"title: Ice-T Hasn’t Totally Lost His Taste for Rage - The New York Times author: Steve Knopper text:   claims that original copies of the album featuring “Cop Killer” are so rare, even he doesn’t have one. “The only way you can get it now is on YouTube,” he said. “They’re on Amazon, and they’re pretty expensive, too. ” (Interested collectors would be advised to check out eBay.) Nearly 25 years ago,   (the   star born Tracy Marrow) and Body Count put out that deliberately      response to police brutality, prompting outrage from President George H. W. Bush and police groups everywhere. The heat became too much for even an outspoken West Coast   pioneer  —   “the vice president was on my bumper,” he said  —   and he agreed to pull the song from new copies of the album. Body Count, which releases its sixth album, “Bloodlust,” on Friday, formed when  ’s Crenshaw High School friend Ernie C needed an outlet to play impossibly fast guitar. Then well known for vivid     songs like “Colors” and “Lethal Weapon,”   introduced the band to crowds on the 1991 Lollapalooza tour. Now 59, he has gone on to portray one of television’s   police characters, Detective Fin Tutuola of “Law  Order: Special Victims Unit,” a point that this “Cop Killer” singer notes with a rumbling laugh. On its first album since the 2014 LP “Manslaughter,” Body Count remains heavy and uncompromising, threatening   violence on “The Ski Mask Way” and pausing for political commentary on “No Lives Matter. ” By phone from his Edgewater, N. J. home, where his    daughter was cooing in the background,   cheerfully reeled off expletives abundantly enough to complicate the editing of these excerpts from the conversation.  Why was it important to include a discussion and defense of Black Lives Matter on the album?  Because I just felt people were really confused. “You think black people, when they say Black Lives Matter, that’s a statement of power. That’s a statement of despair. ” It’s like, come on, man, stop killing us. One of my jobs in music is to try to explain stuff  —   “Ice, break it down. ” I tried to break it down in a way that you understood: We as black people are just trying to be treated as human beings, and our lives are valuable. Body Count has evolved from shocking to philosophical. On this album, you say, “The ability to kill is innate as our ability to love. ” Why? I’m an older guy now, and I see things. Your perspective is different. The early Body Count, I was much more angry, but I didn’t know why. Now I’m trying to explain it. One guy told me the other day: “Ice, you’re very lucky, because you’ve been able to see it from the poor man and the   man, and that’s a view very few people get to see. ” Also, let’s be real, when I came out, there was no internet. You could shock people easy. There was no Eminem. Last September, you said of Donald J. Trump, then a presidential candidate: “I’m kinda scared of that dude. ” Still feel that way? I think everybody does. He’s a little too hotheaded to have that much power. When you’re basically running the biggest army, [for] the most powerful country on earth, you don’t have to be all excited and amped you can’t get aggravated like that. Obama was catching Osama bin Laden [while he was] out to dinner, giving people daps.  . That’s how presidents react. You don’t get at mad at Nordstrom. Like, come on, son. N. W. A made “Straight Outta Compton,” but you did West Coast gangster rap first. Do you ever think, “Where’s my biopic?” Nah, nah, nah, nah, absolutely not. People were asking, “Was I out first? ,” and [Ice] Cube and them will tell you. Everybody knows. We used to tour together. I’m just glad the homies got their stories told. I have no desire to do a biopic. What if you do a biopic, and nobody comes to see it? Dear God. I’m good. That’s too risky for me. How quickly did you say yes to the insurance commercial in which you are sitting with adorable kids at a lemonade stand? Once I read it, I thought it was funny. I always try to let people know that the guy on the record is me, but also the guy sitting at home with his kid is me, the guy on “SVU. ” I’m all those people. I’m not a   person. People look at me like, “Oh, wow, I heard your album, I figure you live in a house full of meat hooks, with people hanging. ” No, no, no, no, no. The only bad part about it is, I walk around now, people yell, “Hey, lemonade!”"
"title: Car Plows Through ’Anti-Fascists’ After They Jump on Hood During Berkeley Riot - Breitbart author: Tom Ciccotta text: A car plowed through a crowd of rioting “ ” on Wednesday, after they started to jump on the vehicle’s hood in protest of Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s show at UC Berkeley. [BREAKING: Driver trying to get through rioters at UC Berkeley runs down rioter as he continues destroying his car  …     pic. twitter.   —   John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) February 2, 2017,  A car just ploughed through the crowd with a protestor on the bonnet. crowd chased up Durant. See headlights #MiloAtCal pic. twitter.   —   Lizzie Roberts (@lizrob92) February 2, 2017,  The car drove through a sea of rioters, catching one of them on its hood, as it made its way down the packed street in Berkeley, California. It is currently unknown as to whether any rioters were injured.   “ ” rioters assaulted numerous attendees, started fires, and smashed up shops and ATMs at Breitbart Senior Editor MILO’s UC Berkeley show on Wednesday, forcing the event to be cancelled. Several celebrities expressed support for the riot, including Hollywood director Judd Apatow, while UC Berkeley released a statement condemning the violence that took place."
"title: Jewish Group Praises Trump Administration For ’Strong Stand’ Against Iran author: Deborah Danan text: TEL AVIV  —   On the eve of Israel’s Holocaust Remembrance Day, a U. S. Jewish human rights NGO has praised the Trump administration for taking the Iranian threat against the Jews and the Jewish state seriously as opposed to the Obama administration, which based its policy on “wishful thinking. ”[“The Jewish people have learned the brutal lesson from the Nazi Holocaust, that when a leader threatens you with genocide you take such threats seriously,” Rabbis Marvin Hier and Abraham Cooper  —   the dean and associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center  —   said in a statement. “The world, including many Jewish leaders, dismissed Hitler’s early threats against the Jewish people as bombast. The scope of death and destruction of WWII and the unspeakable horrors of the Shoah have taught us to never again dismiss such threats as empty rhetoric. ”  “Unfortunately, the previous administration believed that it could moderate the mullah’s actions and words through negotiation and perks. We are grateful that the Trump administration is basing its policies on Iranian behavior, not wishful thinking,” they added. At a State Department press conference on Wednesday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said, “Iran’s provocative actions threaten the United States, the region, and the world.   …     The Trump administration is currently conducting a comprehensive review of our Iran policy. Once we have finalized our conclusions, we will meet the challenges Iran poses with clarity and conviction. ” The   nuclear deal signed by Iran and six world powers, Tillerson stated, “fails to achieve the objective of a   Iran it only delays their goal of becoming a nuclear state. This deal represents the same failed approach of the past that brought us to the current imminent threat we face from North Korea. The Trump administration has no intention of passing the buck to a future administration on Iran. ” Watch a video of Tillerson’s remarks below: "
"title: Gawker Is Said to Be Sold to Univision in a $135 Million Bid - The New York Times author: Sydney Ember text: Gawker Media, whose fierce independence afforded it an unsparing approach to web journalism that influenced news organizations across the internet and the wider media world, was sold to Univision at auction on Tuesday, giving the freewheeling company an outside owner for the first time since its founding 14 years ago. Univision bid $135 million to beat out the digital media publisher Ziff Davis, according to three people with direct knowledge of the deal who spoke on condition of anonymity because the price had not been made public. A bankruptcy judge is to officially approve the sale at a hearing later this week. The sale came two months after Gawker filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a concession to the financial pressure the company faces from a $140 million legal judgment in an    lawsuit by the former professional wrestler Hulk Hogan, whose real name is Terry G. Bollea. Making matters worse for Gawker was Peter Thiel, the billionaire Silicon Valley entrepreneur, who acknowledged after the Hogan trial that he had funded the lawsuit and was providing financial support for other legal cases against the company. Univision will not assume the $140 million judgment. Univision, best known for its   television network, has recently moved aggressively to expand its online portfolio, and adding Gawker’s sites fits with its plans to extend its reach beyond   viewers. Univision bought a large stake in The Onion this year and acquired full control of Fusion, the news site and cable channel that it started with the Walt Disney Company in 2013. Univision also owns other digital media companies, including The Root, a site focused on   issues. In a statement, Nick Denton, Gawker’s founder and chief executive, said: “I am pleased that our employees are protected and will continue their work under new ownership  —   disentangled from the legal campaign against the company. We could not have picked an acquirer more devoted to vibrant journalism. ” Univision declined to comment. For Gawker, the sale is the end of an era. Founded in 2002 by Mr. Denton, a former journalist for The Financial Times, the site attracted young journalists who took on articles that traditional media organizations were sometimes reluctant to pursue. The company had its critics, who said its sites skirted the boundaries of good taste. It initially had only two sites  —   Gawker, a news and gossip site that largely covered New York media and society, and Gizmodo, a gadgets and technology blog. What journalists initially lacked in monetary compensation, they made up for in a kind of industry cachet. Employees went on to found influential sites like The Awl and work at publications like The New Yorker and Time. “One thing that has always been true about Gawker is that it was an amazing incubator of talent,” said Adam Moss, the editor in chief of New York magazine, which has hired many former Gawker journalists. He added, “To a large extent, the voice that they worked out at the beginning became a kind of template for the way people talk on the web. ” Mr. Denton was known for saying that journalists too often share the most interesting stories they know only with each other at the bar after work, and the company held the value of entertaining readers seemingly above all else. Over the years, Gawker Media espoused a gossipy, wry tone that often made much of the traditional media seem  . The company blogs now include Jezebel, which is aimed at women, and Deadspin, the sports site. But Gawker’s    approach has also been to its detriment. Mr. Bollea sued Gawker Media in 2012 over its publication of a video that showed him having sex with the wife of a friend. He has been unable to collect from Gawker on the $140 million judgment because of its bankruptcy filing. Mr. Denton, who is personally liable for $10 million and jointly liable for $115 million, filed for bankruptcy this month, listing $10 million to $50 million in assets and $100 million to $500 million in liabilities. Gawker had revenue of $17. 8 million for the year through July 21, according to filings in connection with the bankruptcy. It reported $48. 7 million in revenue in 2015 and $43. 8 million in 2014. Mr. Thiel’s battle with the company began in 2007, when Valleywag, one of Gawker’s   blogs, wrote a post saying he was gay. “I had begun coming out to people I knew, and I planned to continue on my own terms,” Mr. Thiel wrote in an   in The New York Times that was published online on Monday. “Instead, Gawker violated my privacy and cashed in on it. ” He wrote that he was “proud to have contributed financial support” to Mr. Bollea’s case and would continue to support him “until his final victory. ” Last summer, after Gawker published and then removed an article about a married male media executive who sought to hire a gay escort, the company was thrown into turmoil over disagreement about whether the post should have been taken down. Two top editors resigned, and Mr. Denton vowed to make the site nicer. Since the verdict in the Hogan case was handed down by a Florida jury in March, Gawker’s typical defiance has been tinged with resignation. During a party in July at The Box, a burlesque club in Lower Manhattan, the drinks flowed freely, and so did cheeky jokes about Mr. Thiel and the company’s bankruptcy. Last week, at its offices near Union Square, Gawker held its final party as an independent company. It was billed as a   affair  —   the wine and beer were gone by 8 p. m.  —   and the mood was somewhere between reunion and Irish wake. “We have shown with our backs against the wall the kind of character and determination and verve and style that I think we can absolutely be proud of,” Mr. Denton told a crowd that had assembled on the large    area that has become the company’s default gathering place. “In a week, we’re going to know the identity of the company’s new owner, and I’m hopeful and confident that the parent company that the sites will be under will allow them to thrive. ” In a note to employees, Vivek Shah, the chief executive of Ziff Davis, said his company had withdrawn from the auction “once we felt the price and terms exceeded our threshold. ” When Gawker filed for bankruptcy, Ziff Davis submitted a $90 million offer for the company. A   stalking horse bidder, Ziff Davis would have assumed ownership of Gawker if no other bidder had emerged. As part of its agreement for being the first bidder, Ziff Davis will collect a $2. 475 million breakup fee. It was not clear what the sale would mean for Mr. Denton. Whether he stays on at Univision may not be up to him, and there have been indications that he may be ready to step away. In the last year, Heather Dietrick, Gawker Media’s president and general counsel, has taken on more of a leadership role. It was also not clear whether Univision would hold on to Gawker. com, the flagship site that was at the center of the Hogan suit. Under Univision, Gawker will become a relatively small part of a large company. That could work in Gawker’s favor if it is allowed to operate on its own, without too much oversight from its new parent. But Univision, which has indicated in the past that it planned to go public, could also reshape Gawker in its own image. Gawker’s   business was also a draw for Univision. Univision and Gawker had been in discussions about a potential investment before the Hogan trial, but those talks collapsed."
"title: Trump Inauguration Security Planners Brace for Wave of Protesters - The New York Times author: Nicholas Fandos text: WASHINGTON  —   Security surrounding the inauguration of Donald J. Trump is proving to be the most challenging in recent history, according to senior officials involved in its planning, largely because of the same forces of political rancor that shaped the race for the presidency. On top of the daunting threats to any inaugural ceremony, the three dozen agencies responsible for security at the Jan. 20 festivities are preparing for the possibility of large numbers of protesters flooding the capital, along with what may be nearly a million supporters of Mr. Trump. The agencies are worried about the possibility of confrontations between groups of Americans still deeply divided over the election  —   and at a moment when millions of people around the world will be turning their attention to Washington. At the very least, officials said, protests would put additional pressure on the region’s   security apparatus. “To paraphrase Tolstoy: Each inauguration is risky, but each is risky in its own way,” said Michael Chertoff, who was secretary of homeland security under President George W. Bush and oversaw the department for President Obama’s first inauguration, in 2009. “I can’t think of an inauguration that presented more security challenges than this one,” Mr. Chertoff said. There were, of course, heightened concerns for the second inauguration of Mr. Bush, in 2005, the first presidential   to follow the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. And in 2009, Mr. Obama’s inauguration was the first transfer of power in the    era  —   and the first in which an   was taking the oath of office. Mr. Obama faced a rash of racist threats, as well as concerns about a terrorist plot that ultimately proved unfounded but sent the   and top aides scrambling on the eve of his  . Even so, Mr. Obama did not face the kind of large protests expected to greet Mr. Trump when he officially arrives in Washington. The 2009 crowd of nearly two million people, a record, included few, if any, protesters and did not lead to a single arrest, according to Christopher T. Geldart, the director of homeland security for the District of Columbia. The National Park Service, which controls much of the public land in Washington, from sidewalks to the National Mall, has already seen permit requests from groups hoping to host events both for and against Mr. Trump skyrocket to 23. In typical inauguration years, the agency receives just a handful of requests. Safeguarding the nation’s peaceful transfer of power is no easy task even under the most predictable of circumstances. There are few   rituals in American public life than the   of a new president. From the Metropolitan Police of Washington to the National Park Service to the F. B. I. a vast overlapping patchwork of intelligence analysts, military personnel and law enforcement officers numbering in the tens of thousands will be working to protect the inauguration and related activities. In total, more than three dozen agencies spread out across the capital will be working to prevent the occasion from becoming a platform for individuals or groups looking to do harm. Their work, begun months ago, has taken on a new urgency since Election Day and will soon include the imposition of a security perimeter around the Capitol, the Mall and large parts of the city. The costs of security alone are expected to exceed $100 million. Protecting the new president, the thousands of dignitaries who will be on hand and the crowds is the top priority of federal intelligence, law enforcement and military agencies, as it has been at inaugurations since the Sept. 11 attacks. Threats, from abroad and from homegrown extremists alike, remain a chief concern, current and former officials said. “What the intelligence community says publicly is what they say privately, and that is more threats from more directions than ever before,” said Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of Missouri, who is chairman of the congressional committee planning the inaugural ceremony. “And that just means the Capitol Police and the security elements need to be more thoughtful and alert than ever to what could happen. ” But this time, security forces  —   particularly law enforcement officers who will be on the ground here  —   are also preparing to confront crowds of Americans who are unusually divided and anxious over the election results. The priority, officials said, is to avoid the kind of violent clashes that periodically flared up on the campaign trail between Mr. Trump’s supporters and those who opposed him, while allowing groups on both sides to carry on with events. “Everybody knows how contentious the campaign was,” said Mr. Geldart, the District of Columbia homeland security director. “Honestly, what really keeps me up at night around this is the ability for us to just allow folks to come in, express their views and leave safely. ” Mike Litterst, a spokesman for the National Park Service, said the agency was “actively reviewing” permit requests, with a goal of trying to accommodate as many events as possible. Groups that are granted permits will be spaced out to try to prevent mixing, Mr. Geldart said. The largest of those events, the   Women’s March on Washington, was granted a permit for about 200, 000 people to rally and then march in protest against Mr. Trump on Jan. 21, the day after the inauguration. Boris Epshteyn, the communications director for Mr. Trump’s inaugural planning committee, said the group welcomed the “free exercise” of First Amendment rights “as long as it is done peacefully and within all applicable laws, rules and regulations. ” Just how many of Mr. Trump’s supporters will attend remains unclear. The planning committee said it was expecting two million to three million people. Such a crowd would be a record, though Mr. Geldart said his team had yet to see evidence that would cause it to revise its own estimates of 800, 000 to 900, 000 people. The security effort will require virtually the full strength of the region’s law enforcement agencies, as well as significant reinforcements. More than 3, 200 police officers from departments across the country and about 8, 000 members of the National Guard will be on hand to help with basic crowd and traffic control around the city. An additional 5, 000 active duty service members will be on hand to serve in ceremonial capacities. Mr. Geldart said those forces would allow local agencies better versed in crowd management tactics to monitor the protesters and   groups, in person and with the help of social media. The security planning covers not just Inauguration Day itself but also a week of public and private events planned to celebrate Mr. Trump’s victory, beginning with a welcome concert on the National Mall on Jan. 19. Thomas Barrack Jr. a longtime friend of Mr. Trump’s who is leading the inaugural planning committee, said each of those events had been carefully negotiated with the Secret Service and its partners. Mr. Trump’s personal security was made somewhat simpler when he decided he would stay at Blair House, as his modern predecessors have, rather than at his new hotel in Washington, as was once under consideration. “It’s their party and we’re there to develop the operation security plan to make their party safe,” said James Murray, the deputy assistant director of the Secret Service’s office of protective operations, which has overall responsibility for inaugural security. “But by all means it’s certainly a    kind of thing. ”"
"title: Liz Warren Launches Book Hours Before Being Tossed from Sen Floor author: Neil W. McCabe text: In an extraordinary coincidence, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D. .) announced the release of her new book This Fight Is Our Fight Tuesday, the same day she gave the remarks about   General Jeff Sessions which led the presiding officer of the senate to rule her out of order and senators to vote to restrict her speaking privileges in the Sessions debate. [The hardcover of the book and its Kindle version, along woth two versions of her previous book A Fighting Chance, now hold the top four slots in Amazon’s Congressional Bestsellers List.  Timeline of Feb. 7 events: 3:09 p. m.: Warren’s publisher Henry Holt retweeted out the news about the book and added that it would release the book April 18. Just announced! Elizabeth Warren’s new book, THIS FIGHT IS OUR FIGHT, is   on April 18th. https:  .   —   Henry Holt (@HenryHolt) February 7, 2017,  4:40 p. m.: Warren posted about the book on her campaign’s Facebook page: Washington works great for the rich and the powerful, but it’s not working for everyone else. And it’s not because of some inevitable force of nature, like gravity  —   it’s because of decades of deliberate policy choices to help those at the top. Our middle class is on the ropes, and Donald Trump is looking to deliver the knockout punch. At this moment in history, it’s time to fight back. That’s why I’m glad to announce that my 11th book, This Fight is Our Fight, will be out in April. 6:57 p. m.: Warren began her remarks regarding Jeff Sessions, then a Republican senator from Alabama, and his pending confirmation to lead the Department of Justice. Roughly 15 minutes into her speech, presiding officer  Sen. Steven Daines (R. .) warned Warren that when she quoted Sen. Edward Kennedy saying in 1986 that Sessions was a “disgrace to the Justice Department,” she was in violation of Senate Rule XIX. The rule forbids senators demeaning the character of fellow senators, regardless of whether they are speaking in their voice or quoting someone else. After Daines warned Warren about her referring to Sessions as a disgrace, the Massachusetts senator began to read from a   letter from Coretta Scott King. In the 1986 letter, King wrote that Sessions used his power as a federal prosecutor to keep black citizens from voting. 7:46 p. m.: Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R. .) made a point of order that Warren had violated Rule XIX, which Daines agreed to, but Warren appealed the ruling to the whole Senate. 7:47 p. m.: Daines ordered Warren to take her seat. 8:01 p. m.: McConnell called senators to the floor. 8:42 p. m.: Senators voted to sustain the ruling of the chair that Warren violated Rule XIX. 9:32 p. m.: Senators voted to restrict Warren from rejoining the debate over the Sessions confirmation. 9:50 p. m.: Warren called into MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow Show. 10:52 p. m.: On her official Senate Facebook page, Warren posted: “During the debate on whether to make Jeff Sessions the next Attorney General, I tried to read a letter from Coretta Scott King on the floor of the Senate. The letter, from 30 years ago, urged the Senate to reject the nomination of Jeff Sessions to a federal judgeship. The Republicans took away my right to read this letter on the floor  —   so I’m right outside, reading it now. ” Then, she read the letter on Facebook Live. 11:06 p. m.: Elizabeth for Massachusetts sent out a fundraising email with her version of what happened on the Senate floor and a text of the King letter. 11:19 p. m.: Warren called into CNN Tonight host Don Lemon. The next day, Henry Holt retweeted its own tweet that kicked off the January launch of its own Coretta Scott King book, My Life, My Love, My Legacy, which featured the very same letter Warren read from the Senate floor. Seems King and Warren share a publisher Henry Holt is an imprint of MacMillan, King’s publisher. Coretta Scott King’s writings resonated as her 1986 letter to Congress  . Read it here: https:  .  @washingtonpost pic. twitter.   —   Henry Holt (@HenryHolt) January 11, 2017,  Then, in case somebody missed the point, Henry Holt retweeted a post from the Changing Hands bookstore in Tempe, Arizona: She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, #ShePersisted. pic. twitter.   —   Changing Hands (@changinghands) February 8, 2017,   "
"title: Air China Will Fly You to London, and Warn You About Dark-Skinned People There - The New York Times author: Edward Wong text: Like most   airplane magazines, Wings of China features anodyne articles, along with tips on cities served by Air China, the country’s flagship   airline. But the September issue, dedicated to tourist attractions in London and other   British towns, took a sharp detour into an international social media uproar and national embarrassment with some   words on safety. The passage, written in Chinese and English, said tourists should take precautions “when entering areas mainly populated by Indians, Pakistanis and black people. ” It added, “We advise tourists not to go out alone at night, and females always to be accompanied by another person when traveling. ” The passage offended Twitter users like Georgina Blewett, who wrote: “Whoever wrote that #AirChina racist guide nonsense should be embarrassed as hell. And the dummy who gave final approval. ” Several British politicians also expressed outrage one invited Air China officials to visit his multiethnic election district to see how safe it was. Haze Fan, a producer for CNBC in Beijing, brought attention to the passage by tweeting a photograph of it on Tuesday. “A piece of advice in Air China   magazine. What does @MayorofLondon think?” Ms. Fan wrote, referring to Sadiq Khan, the new London mayor, who is of Pakistani origin and whose Twitter posts regularly praise London’s multiculturalism. Air China was quick to apologize, saying on Twitter that it did “not condone discrimination in any shape or form” and that copies of the magazine were being removed from all flights. Joyce Zhang, a spokeswoman for Air China in Beijing, said in an statement on Thursday that the article in Wings of China contained “inappropriate expressions,” and that in general its articles did not represent the opinions of Air China. The magazine apologized as well, blaming an “editing error” for the travel warning. “After the problem was discovered, Air China immediately removed all copies of the magazine from all its flights, and demanded that Wings of China seriously draw a lesson from the incident, strengthen reviews of its contents and prevent similar problems from taking place again,” Ms. Zhang said. “As an airline that has flights across six continents, Air China always highly respects the culture and customs of people of every ethnicity in the world. ” The episode showed that China’s desire to be regarded as a sophisticated global player taking its rightful place on the world stage can be undercut by the provincial attitudes of some Chinese. Many Chinese make negative comments in private about people with darker skin color. In an article on CNBC’s website, Ms. Fan pointed to a recent online video advertisement for the clothes detergent Qiaobi that showed an attractive Chinese woman throwing a   black man into a laundry machine, only for him to emerge, after being washed with the detergent, as a clean Asian man (presumably Han, the dominant Chinese ethnicity). In May, the detergent maker, Shanghai Leishang Cosmetics, expressed “regret” over the ad, but also said foreign news organizations had exaggerated it. The Telegraph, the British newspaper, reported on Wednesday that two members of Parliament, Rosena   and Virendra Sharma, had objected to the travel warning and were contacting the Chinese ambassador to Britain, Liu Xiaoming. “I am shocked and appalled that even today, some people would see it as acceptable to write such blatantly untrue and racist statements,” said Mr. Sharma, a member of the Labour party, according to The Telegraph. “I have invited representatives of Air China to visit my constituency of Ealing Southall to see that a very multicultural area is safe, and would be of great value for those visiting London to see,” said Mr. Sharma, who is of Indian heritage. “I will await their response, and if an appropriate one is not forthcoming, I shall feel forced to question whether Air China is a fit company to operate in the U. K. ” Chinese tourists are flocking to Britain in greater numbers to buy luxury goods in the aftermath of the “Brexit” vote and with the British pound slumping. And in 2015, Chinese visitors made 270, 000 trips to Britain, an increase of 46 percent over the previous year, according to Visit Britain, an official tourism agency. In May, Queen Elizabeth II told a police commander at a Buckingham Palace party that Chinese officials had been “very rude’’ during President Xi Jinping’s state visit in October 2015."
"title: Matteo Renzi, Oakland, Aleppo: Your Monday Briefing - The New York Times author: Patrick Boehler text: Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • Matteo Renzi, the Italian prime minister, said he would resign after voters rejected constitutional changes he backed, intensifying the populist wave crashing through the European Union. If early elections occur next year, 2017 may shape up to be a seminal year in the E. U.’s history. France, Germany and the Netherlands will go to the polls with strong euroskeptic candidates in the running. Russia’s president, Vladimir V. Putin, is widely revered as a kind of white knight among new nationalists on both sides of the Atlantic. “Viva Trump, viva Putin, viva la Le Pen” was one Italian   politician’s reaction to Sunday’s vote. _____ • In Austria, voters defied the   populist wave by selecting Alexander Van der Bellen, 72, a former Green Party leader, as their next president. The election of the   Mr. Van der Bellen ends a bitter yearlong campaign, which had pitted him against Norbert Hofer, a leader of the   Freedom Party. _____ •   Donald J. Trump renewed his hard line on American companies that plan to move operations to other countries, warning of a coming tax of 35 percent on goods moved “back across the border” to be sold. One of Mr. Trump’s signature ideas  —   slapping high tariffs on Chinese imports  —   would raise costs for European companies. Our reporters traced the ripple effects such a move would have on the global supply chain. The Trump family’s international business empire and those who have interacted with him and his children create a web of complications. _____ • Mr. Trump’s freewheeling phone calls to world leaders are upending decades of diplomacy. The   is broadening the field of candidates for secretary of state as his transition team remains divided over how to fill the most prominent gap in his prospective cabinet. _____ • The Obama administration ended a major standoff with thousands of Native Americans and their supporters over an oil pipeline. The Army Corps of Engineers said that it would not approve permits for a section near a Sioux reservation in the Dakotas that tribal leaders said would threaten water supplies and sacred sites. _____ • “Long live Fidel!” thousands of people cried along a   route to the cemetery in eastern Cuba where Fidel Castro’s ashes were interred.. Here is a selection of images from his half a century in power, which left a complicated legacy of transformation and turmoil. _____ • In Italy, the referendum’s outcome will likely postpone, if not derail, plans to restructure Monte dei Paschi di Siena, the country’s most troubled bank. • Eurozone finance ministers hope to reach a compromise on Greek debt relief. • Big banks, including Credit Suisse, are putting the world’s rain forests in peril by providing loans to companies linked to deforestation and forest burning in Southeast Asia. • “Football Leaks,” an investigation by European news outlets, detailed how prominent soccer players appeared to have avoided paying taxes. And here’s a look at how Panama is trying to shed its image as a tax haven after the Panama Papers revelations. • Taxi drivers in Romania are set to boycott the Bucharest airport to protest the growing presence of the Uber   service. • The euro fell against the dollar. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • In Oakland, Calif. the death toll rose to 33 after a blaze tore through a warehouse hosting a musical event, one of the deadliest structure fires in the United States in years. [The New York Times] • Britain’s Supreme Court will begin hearing the government’s challenge to a court ruling that requires it to seek parliamentary approval to start the process of leaving the European Union. [Reuters] • Prosecutors begin closing arguments in the genocide trial of the former Bosnian Serb military commander Ratko Mladic. [Reuters] • Mainstream publishers, other than those deemed   have so far been untouched by the crackdown in Turkey, unlike journalists, teachers and lawyers. [The New York Times] • Two of Africa’s longest rules are ending. Yahya Jammeh, who led Gambia for 22 years, was ousted in an election, and José Eduardo dos Santos, who ruled Angola for almost four decades, said he would soon step down. [Quartz] • Syrian government troops now control about half of what had been for years a rebels’ enclave in Aleppo. The United Nations Security Council votes today on a draft resolution that would demand a   truce. [The New York Times] • New York’s Metropolitan Opera is performing an opera written by a woman for the first time in more than 100 years. Here, we offer a playlist of other female composers, who are often overlooked. • Lapo Elkann, the   Fiat heir, was enjoying a comeback when he was arrested after a sordid story of drugs, an escort and faking his own kidnapping. • Soccer update: Real Madrid tied Barcelona thanks to a late goal. Roma pounced on two Lazio mistakes. • In the Upper Engadin, a section of the Swiss Alps, art galleries have emerged as an   alternative. • And here’s a taste of culinary archaeology: the torta tenerina, found on menus in Ferrara, Italy, is a simple cake with an almost creamy interior, and it could well be the ancestor of all “flourless” chocolate cakes. The decision by the American   maker Carrier to keep some jobs from being relocated to Mexico comes as its industry faces scrutiny over pollution. A recent global accord will curb hydrofluorocarbons, a chemical common in most   that contributes to global warming. So the race is on to find greener alternatives as demand for   rises around the world. At Santa Clara University in California, heating and cooling systems are fueled by rooftop solar panels. And hydrofluoroolefins, an HFC substitute that is more energy efficient, are becoming popular. These technologies probably weren’t on the mind of the American engineer Willis Carrier, above, who paved the way for modern  . In 1902, with cold water and an ammonia compressor, he figured out a way to control air temperature and the moisture in it. Some of  ’s next steps might be a return to the more distant past. In parts of the Middle East, the medieval wind tower is making a comeback. A physics professor has designed a smaller version of the structure, which pulls fresh air into buildings. “We’ve taken a traditional technology,” the professor explains, “and dragged it into the 21st century. ” Giovanni Russonello contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com."
"title: A Haircut for French Taxpayers? Hollande’s $10,000-a-Month Stylist Is Revealed - The New York Times author: Aurelien Breeden text: PARIS  —   As heads of state go, this one appears to be quite expensive. The investigative and satirical newspaper Le Canard Enchaîné reported on Wednesday that President François Hollande’s personal hairdresser has been paid 9, 895 euros  —   over $10, 000  —   per month since Mr. Hollande was elected in 2012, about the same amount as a government minister’s salary. The report is especially jarring for Mr. Hollande, 61, a Socialist who campaigned on the promise that he would be a “normal” and exemplary president but who has seen his private life spill into the open on several occasions. It would be hard for Mr. Hollande to be less popular. His approval ratings, while receiving a bump from the Euro 2016 soccer tournament, have been persistently low. He has been forced to agree to a primary among   parties, including his own Socialists, to settle on a candidate for president next year  —   a first for a sitting president. Mr. Hollande has not managed to deliver on his promise to significantly lower unemployment, especially among young people. His government has faced months of street protests over an unpopular bill to loosen France’s rigid labor laws. And he faces a potential challenge from his economy minister, Emmanuel Macron, who has hinted that he may run for president next year. The new controversy  —   the hashtag #CoiffeurGate, “coiffeur” being French for hairdresser, was a trending topic on Twitter on Wednesday  —   could contribute to the image as a president who is out of touch. Mr. Hollande is certainly not the first politician to encounter problems with hairdressing. In 1993, two of Los Angeles International Airport’s runways were shut for nearly an hour so that President Bill Clinton’s Beverly Hills hairstylist could come aboard Air Force One to give him a haircut. In 2007, John Edwards, a former senator, had to reimburse his presidential campaign $800 to cover the cost of two haircuts. The Republican   nominee Sarah Palin spent tens of thousands of dollars on hair and makeup in the homestretch of her 2008 campaign. In France, opposition   and   parties were, unsurprisingly, critical of Mr. Hollande, and while reactions in his own party were more muted, some struck a harsher tone. “That’s a lot of money for a hairdresser, and for the French in general,” Thierry Mandon, the junior minister for higher education and research,  told the LCP news channel. “For many people in France that really, really, really is a lot of money. ” Still, the revelations have yet to morph into a   political scandal in France, where the financial excesses or abuses of politicians are sometimes met with a shrug. On Twitter, French observers expressed a mixture of amusement and outrage. “When my 2, 600 euros of income tax represent one week of the hairdresser’s salary #CoiffeurGate #shameful,” one user wrote. “#CoiffeurGate  —   ah, now I finally understand the expression ‘budgetary cuts,’” mused another. Some photoshopped royal wigs, mullets or toupées onto the French president’s sparsely adorned head. The hairdresser, identified by Le Canard Enchaîné only as Olivier B. was first mentioned in a book by two French journalists published in April that aimed to give a    look at the Élysée Palace, the presidential residence. The book identified the hairdresser as Olivier Benhamou, and said that his monthly salary was 8, 000 euros. When the tabloid magazine Closer wrote an article using that information, Mr. Benhamou sued them that case is pending. The work contract Mr. Benhamou signed with the Élysée Palace was recently introduced as evidence in a French court as part of that case, and was obtained by Le Canard Enchaîné, which used it as the basis of its report. The contract was signed by Mr. Hollande’s former chief of staff. It is unclear whether Mr. Hollande knew how much the hairdresser is paid. On Wednesday evening, Valérie Trierweiler, Mr. Hollande’s former companion, wrote on Twitter: “Let’s be fair: F. Hollande was not aware of the hairdresser’s salary. I can attest to his anger when he learned about it later. ” The Élysée Palace confirmed the report, telling Le Canard Enchaîné that Mr. Benhamou started his days very early and that “he redoes the president’s hair every morning and as much as needed, for each public statement. ” A 2015 report by the Cour des Comptes, the French organization that conducts financial audits of the state and other public institutions, found that personnel spending at the Élysée Palace in 2014  —   68. 2 million euros, out of the palace’s overall budget of 100 million euros  —   had fallen by 1. 6 percent from the previous year and that staff numbers had been cut."
"title: California Today: San Diego Struggles to Keep Its Young Tech Talent - The New York Times author: Mike McPhate text: Good morning. Welcome to California Today, a morning update on the stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Tell us about the issues that matter to you  —   and what you’d like to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. Want to receive California Today by email? Sign up. San Diego may have some of the best fish tacos and   beach days, but that’s apparently not enough to keep a lot of its tech talent from fleeing for the San Francisco Bay Area. In a recent column in Voice of San Diego, Alexander Bakst, a computer science student at U. C. San Diego, said that while he and his peers would love to work in the city, “I’m positive that they all will leave. ” The reason? It’s not so much the gap in pay relative to Bay Area employers, though that is a factor, as it is the location of many of San Diego’s tech companies, Mr. Bakst wrote. Most of San Diego’s tech jobs are in parts of the city  —   such as North County or Sorrento Valley  —   that they consider too far from downtown, San Diego’s cultural epicenter and millennial stamping ground. Some fresh graduates say they have little interest in living or working in the industrial park atmosphere of Sorrento Valley, where less costly rents have exerted a strong pull on tech companies ever since Qualcomm set up shop there in 1985. Starbucks, a Chili’s and a couple of Indian food spots are there. But not much else. “It’s really just a series of streets with office buildings from one end to another,” said Russ Petrone, a real estate agent. He offered, “I wouldn’t say it’s ugly. ” Rajesh K. Gupta, a professor of computer engineering at U. C. San Diego, said tech graduates with competing offers in the Bay Area or Seattle aren’t likely to go with Sorrento Valley. “It’s just not exciting enough,” he said. In his column, Mr. Bakst wrote that if San Diego wanted to stem the exodus of its young tech class, it needed to nurture jobs in a part of the city where they want to live and work: downtown. But industry professionals and city officials said that is an effort already underway. Jeff Winkler, founder of San   Origin Code Academy, which trains software engineers, said more than 100 young   had taken up residence in downtown offices in recent years. “They’re here,” he said. “And there’s a lot of cool stuff going on. There just aren’t as many household names. ” Mr. Winkler suggested that another factor was at work in the job deliberations of San Diego’s  . Fresh out of college, he said, many of them are simply hungry to check out a more happening town. “Truthfully, people are always going to want to go to San Francisco,” he said. • Census data show that California has the nation’s highest rate of poverty. [LA Weekly] • The city of Hesperia is waging an aggressive campaign to shut down halfway homes. [Los Angeles Times] • The University of California system is starting the school year with its most diverse class of new students in history. [Los Angeles Times] • Gov. Jerry Brown approved $900 million in funding aimed at cleaning up California’s dirty air. [The Associated Press] • Calling health care a human right, California is pushing to insure undocumented immigrants. [The New York Times] • He made six figures at his Facebook dream job  —   but he couldn’t afford life in the Bay Area. [Vox] • Disney cut about 250 jobs, the latest in a series of   moves. [The New York Times] • A show focused on race with an unprintable name was canceled at Cal State Long Beach, leading to a resignation. [The New York Times] • Native Americans have traveled from California to support pipeline protesters in North Dakota. [San Diego  ] As Californians ponder whether to legalize marijuana this November, the race is on to create the first roadside pot test. This month, two groups announced advances on   devices that could be used by law enforcement to detect THC, the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana, in a driver’s system. Hound Labs, an Oakland   said that its breathalyzer prototype had been   by law enforcement officials, while Stanford researchers said they had created a “potalyzer” that can measure the amount of THC molecules in saliva. Hounds Labs, which has been collaborating with scientists at U. C. Berkeley, said its device had an important advantage over   tests. Tests of blood, urine or saliva can turn up THC days after a person has smoked marijuana. But the chemical only lingers for a few hours in the breath, the company said. That means its Breathalyzer can signal recent consumption. As a wave of pot decriminalization has swept the country, law enforcement agencies have become increasingly eager to get ahold of a portable device that could help catch stoned drivers. Opponents of California’s Proposition 64, which would allow recreational marijuana, have argued that the move would send more drugged drivers onto the roads. Scientists say it is clear that THC causes deficits in cognitive function, but the amount required to affect driving performance is not well understood. That has not stopped some states, including Washington, Montana and Pennsylvania, from setting legal cutoffs. The California initiative, however, offers no guidance on the matter. California Today goes live at 6 a. m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes. com. The California Today columnist, Mike McPhate, is a   Californian  —   born outside Sacramento and raised in San Juan Capistrano. He lives in Davis. Follow him on Twitter. California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and attended U. C. Berkeley."
"title: EXCLUSIVE - Trump’s Agriculture Secretary Leading 22-Agency Task Force to Reignite Rural America, Protect Forgotten Man - Breitbart author: Penny Starr text: In keeping with President Donald Trump’s executive order establishing the Interagency Task Force on Agriculture and Rural Prosperity, Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue launched the effort on Thursday along with representatives from 22 federal agencies that are taking on the   initiative. [The task force will work to find ways to increase jobs, housing and educational opportunities for America’s rural communities, and to remove obstacles, such as burdensome regulations, and to improve infrastructure and access to technology.  The task force held its inaugural meeting in Washington, D. C. and attendees included Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson, Secretary of Energy Rick Perry, Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget Mick Mulvaney, U. S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission Ajit Pai, and other government officials. “What we began here today is to lay a fertile seed bed in rural America, where good things can grow,” Perdue said. He went on: Rural America has been struggling under burdensome regulations, but the leaders we gathered today are willing to work together to turn that around. By establishing this task force, President Trump showed his commitment to prioritizing the prosperity of the farmers and ranchers of America’s heartland, as well as all citizens living in rural communities across this great country. Guided by the President at the helm, and with Secretaries Carson and Perry, Director Mulvaney, Trade Representative Lighthizer, and so many others, we are telling rural America that we’re here, we’re listening, and we’re going to help provide you with the resources, tools, and support to build robust, sustainable communities for generations to come. When asked by Breitbart News why Perdue’s agency is taking the lead on implementing Trump’s order, the Secretary said the president knows that rural Americans aren’t enjoying the same economic uptick that the rest of Americans are enjoying and that rural communities are represented in every state. “I think [Trump] saw the USDA and the Secretary of Agriculture as the one to bring these   together,” Perdue told Breitbart News. “The other thing is, I guess with all those members of Congress, they all have a certain degree of agriculture in their district and they understand the needs of [those communities]. ” Perdue said. “It’s the one common denominator I think that unites us in many, many ways across America. ” In April 2017, Trump issued an executive order establishing the task force “to ensure the informed exercise of regulatory authority that impacts agriculture and rural communities. ” Regulations, in fact, were routinely mentioned as something detrimental to rural prosperity, including rules and regulations put into place by the EPA that create obstacles for farming and ranching. The White House laid out the plan this way: While much of the country has recovered from the recent recession, large areas of rural America have not fared as well.  Nationally, 85 percent of persistently impoverished counties are in rural areas, and one in four rural children is growing up in poverty.  The employment numbers continue to lag, and without connectivity and improved infrastructure widely available, the population in rural America is at its lowest point since 2010. The Task Force is working to improve quality of life for people living in rural areas, develop a reliable workforce, spur innovation and technology development, and roll back regulations to allow communities to grow and thrive. By directly engaging stakeholders to develop an action plan for legislative reforms and regulatory relief, the Task Force is expected to accomplish a great deal for rural Americans. President Trump has asked for a report with concrete recommendations within 180 days of the Task Force’s creation. “Promoting agriculture and rural prosperity is something that is very important to me since I know   how vital energy and electricity are to our rural areas,” Perry said of his agency’s role in the task force. “At the Department of Energy, we are ready to do our part to bring prosperity to our small towns and rural communities. “Our Bioenergies Technology Office facilitates private and public partnerships to develop new technologies that make biofuels   and our national labs are hard at work developing new ways to use our crops for energy,” Perry said. “If you’re going to address the needs of rural America, you can’t do it one agency at a time,” Mulvaney said at the event. Tate Bennett, who represented the EPA at the meeting, said reviewing and reworking the “Waters of the United States” rule as it relates to the Clean Water Act is a priority for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt. “He wants to hear from the people who are directly impacted by WOTUS, and that’s rural America,” Bennett said."
"title: Colin Powell, in Hacked Emails, Shows Scorn for Trump and Irritation at Clinton - The New York Times author: Michael D. Shear text: WASHINGTON  —   Former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell has long been one of the high priests of the Washington establishment, staying quiet in this year’s raucous presidential campaign while tending to his reputation as a thoughtful officer and diplomat. But a hack of Mr. Powell’s email this week has ripped away the diplomatic jargon and political niceties to reveal his unvarnished disdain of Donald J. Trump as a “national disgrace,” his personal peeves with Hillary Clinton and his lingering, but still very raw, anger with the Republican colleagues with whom he so often clashed a decade ago. There has been an expectation that Mr. Powell, who waited until the final weeks to endorse Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012, would do the same for Mrs. Clinton this year. But in one 2014 email released online, Mr. Powell lamented that while he respected Mrs. Clinton, he would “rather not have to vote for her,” describing the Democratic presidential nominee as having “a long track record, unbridled ambition, greedy, not transformational. ” The emails make clear that if Mr. Powell endorses Mrs. Clinton, he will be motivated by intense feelings about Mr. Trump, whom he also called an “international pariah. ” In the email messages, which an aide to Mr. Powell confirmed were authentic, the retired   general who served as President George W. Bush’s top diplomat also accuses Mr. Trump, the Republican nominee for president, of having embraced what Mr. Powell called a “racist” movement when he aggressively questioned the validity of Mr. Obama’s birth certificate and his legitimacy to serve as the country’s top elected official. But the emails, many of which were sent in recent weeks, also reveal Mr. Powell’s disapproval of Mrs. Clinton’s handling of her email scandal and expose his sometimes unflattering observations of the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband. In a series of exchanges, Mr. Powell lamented efforts by Mrs. Clinton’s “minions” to drag him into the controversy surrounding her use of a private email server by claiming he had advised her on the issue. “H. R. C. could have killed this two years ago by merely telling everyone honestly what she had done and not tie me into it,” Mr. Powell wrote late last month, referring to Mrs. Clinton by her initials. “I told her staff three times not to try that gambit. I had to throw a   at a Hamptons party to get their attention. She keeps tripping into these ‘character’ minefields. ” In the 2014 email, Mr. Powell, though offering no independent knowledge, alluded in graphic language to coverage in The New York Post suggesting that Bill Clinton had continued to cheat on his wife. The emails, some of which were first reported by BuzzFeed News, also show Mr. Powell venting about some members of Mr. Bush’s administration. In one reference to Donald H. Rumsfeld, the former defense secretary, he accuses “the idiot Rummy” of being disloyal to both President Bushes. In another email, Mr. Powell calls Dick Cheney, the former vice president, and his daughter Liz Cheney “idiots and a spent force peddling a book that ain’t going nowhere. ” Mr. Powell appeared to be angry that NBC proposed that he appear on “Meet the Press” with Mr. Cheney and his daughter, who were promoting a book they wrote together. In the email, Mr. Powell said the network agreed to invite the Cheneys at a later date. Mr. Powell’s emails appeared on a website called DCLeaks. com, which had previously posted documents that the site had obtained after hacks into the accounts of prominent Democrats and some Republicans, including Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, the former commander of NATO forces in Europe, and George Soros, a wealthy backer of liberal causes. It is unclear who operates DCLeaks. com. Peggy Cifrino, an aide to Mr. Powell, responded Wednesday morning to an inquiry about the emails: “We are confirming that General Powell has been hacked and that they are his emails. We have no further comment at this time. ” Mr. Powell did not respond to an email sent directly to his personal account. In several emails, Mr. Powell suggested that speaking out against Mr. Trump would only add to the attention the Republican nominee was getting from the news media. Responding to a reporter asking for comment, Mr. Powell wrote last month that Mr. Trump is “his own best enemy” and added: “I will speak out when I feel it appropriate and not after every idiot thing he says. ” But the emails make clear that Mr. Powell, who also served as the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, has no intention of supporting Mr. Trump. In one    with a former aide, Mr. Powell insisted that Mr. Trump should not be elected president. “No need to debate it with you now, but Trump is a national disgrace and an international pariah,” Mr. Powell wrote in June, noting the criticism of Mr. Trump by several prominent conservatives. “He is in the process of destroying himself, no need for Dems to attack him. ” Mr. Powell also made clear in a series of exchanges how much he was offended by Mr. Trump’s attacks on the issue of Mr. Obama’s birth. “Yup, the whole birther movement was racist,” Mr. Powell wrote. “That’s what the 99% believe. When Trump couldn’t keep that up he said he also wanted to see if the certificate noted that he was a Muslim. As I have said before, ‘What if he was?’ Muslims are born as Americans everyday. ” Mr. Powell dismissed as completely ineffective Mr. Trump’s recent attempts to reach out to black voters, saying that the Republican nominee “takes us for idiots. ” Mr. Powell said that nothing Mr. Trump could say to black voters would improve his standing, in part because of the things he said about Mr. Obama. “He can never overcome what he tried to do to Obama with his search for the birth certificate hoping to force Obama out of the presidency,” Mr. Powell wrote, saying to his aide, “You don’t fall for his false sincerity, I hope. ” In the emails, Mr. Powell blamed the news media for helping fuel Mr. Trump’s candidacy. In December 2015, he turned down a request from CNN’s Fareed Zakaria to discuss Mr. Trump. “It is time to start ignoring him. You guys are playing his game, you are his oxygen,” Mr. Powell responded. In August 2015, Mr. Powell predicted that Mr. Trump would “take it to the convention” in part because news networks were chasing ratings. “He appeals to the worst angels of the G. O. P. nature and poor white folks,” Mr. Powell said in the email.’ ”In that email, Mr. Powell in part defended Mrs. Clinton’s actions in the attack on the American diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012.” ’In December 2015, he told Condoleezza Rice, his successor at the State Department, that the Republican political attacks on Benghazi were “a stupid witch hunt” and wrote that “basic fault falls on a courageous ambassador who thought Libyans now love me and I am O. K. in this very vulnerable place. ” He added that “blame also rests on his leaders and supporters back here,” including Mrs. Clinton. A few months later, in a discussion about Mrs. Clinton’s email scandal, Mr. Powell lamented that “everything H. R. C. touches she kind of screws up with hubris. ” He then related a story about “the gig I lost at a university” when the institution said it could no longer afford his speaking fees after paying Mrs. Clinton. “I should send her a bill. ”"
"title: At the Olympics, the Thrill of Victory, the Agony of Defeat and the Lure of the Dance Floor - The New York Times author: Christopher Clarey text: RIO DE JANEIRO  —   It was 1:30 a. m. Saturday, and Mathieu Peisson, a French water polo player, had just come through the security gates at Club France  —   the same Olympic gathering spot where Ryan Lochte had started a night that became a diplomatic incident. “We finished competing on Sunday, and we’re now into Day 5 of our Olympic vacation,” said Peisson, a   and bearded   . “There are parties everywhere. Every night we’ve been to a different one, but this place is the best. ” Athletes and officials from other countries are entitled to disagree. There are more than 30 such national hospitality houses operating in Rio during the Games, coming in all vibes and architectural styles, from Denmark House, a chic tent next to a lifeguard station on Ipanema Beach, to Portugal House, which is actually a naval ship moored in the harbor, to the British House, a   mansion set in ornamental gardens. The hospitality houses act as promotional vehicles for sponsors, federations, future Olympic cities,   Olympic cities and even the countries themselves. The House of Switzerland is on the edge of the Rodrigo de Freitas Lagoon  —   as it was during soccer’s 2014 World Cup  —   and has a synthetic ice rink and a snow globe. But the Olympic houses are above all social hubs: places for officials to meet and greet outside the stadiums and arenas, places for athletes to decompress from the Olympic Village after their competitions are over. “I think it was probably the Olympics in Barcelona in 1992 where the trend started in earnest,” said Michael Payne, a former marketing director of the International Olympic Committee. “It’s become an important part of the Olympic experience. ” The crowd streaming into Club France in the early hours Saturday included numerous 2016 Olympians, among them Dutch swimmers and French athletes from multiple sports. Many headed directly to the dance floor, a vast space located inside a converted indoor riding ring that had been used earlier in the day to fete four French medalists  —   a celebration complete with   video highlights, onstage interviews, an a cappella rendition of La Marseillaise and, finally, confetti dropping from the ceiling. But from midnight to 5 a. m. the hall is transformed into an Olympic discotheque with reserved seating near the back for Olympic athletes, who are given a special bracelet to reach the V. I. P. area. “Look at this,” said Peisson, whipping out the new smartphone he had received as part of his Olympic welcome package. “This is last night at about 3 a. m. Just incredible. ” He pulled up a   photo of several thousand people packed onto the dance floor, the same spot where Lochte said he and other American swimmers had stayed late into the night before taking the taxi ride that ended so badly. “What happened after they came here is above all regrettable,” said Denis Masseglia, president of France’s Olympic and Sports Committee. “It’s a shame for the image of swimming and for swimmers in general, who are exceptional athletes. You can say to err is human, but that was a whopper. ” Yet it did not dampen Masseglia’s enthusiasm for the French hot spot. “The Olympics are above all for the athletes to express themselves on the field of play,” Masseglia said. “But I’m very happy to see here every night that we have Australians, Canadians, Americans, all the athletes coming here to celebrate their performances and to have a good time. ” At Austria House, organizers expressed particular pride that, in what has been a downbeat Olympics for their country, they had managed to tempt medal winners from Germany inside (if you can’t beat your neighbors in the medal count, you can at least top them in the party department). The Austria House scene features an outdoor dance party that has been attracting a big crowd, which earlier in the week was jamming not to Brazilian samba but to Bon Jovi’s “Livin’ on a Prayer. ” Club France, located in the Sociedade Hípica Brasileira, is rare in this parallel Olympic universe in that it is open to the public. Visitors pay a small fee to get in and enjoy sports activities during the afternoon, food trucks and sponsor pavilions all day and entertainment all night. The crowd on Friday afternoon into early Saturday was overwhelmingly Brazilian. Masseglia said the club was attracting about 10, 000 visitors a day  —   not enough to break even on the project, although he insisted that profit was not his goal. “Club France started at the Seoul Olympics in 1988,” he said. “And it stayed private until 2008 in Beijing, where I met with a lot of athletes who asked me why can’t we have our fans with us and why can’t we celebrate our medals with the supporters?” He said the club in London, located near Tower Bridge, drew 85, 000 visitors during the 2012 Games. He expects double that in Rio and the club is also a subtle promotional vehicle for Paris’s 2024 Summer Olympic bid. “There were 300, 000 French people who lived in London plus all the French who could go across the Channel,” he said. “That’s not the case in Rio. So we knew we had to interest the Brazilians and all the overseas visitors here. ” Club France and the Danish, Dutch and Swiss houses are among the few open to the public. The majority, including U. S. A. House in Ipanema, are   or offer restricted access. “The U. S. A. House is far more about serving the athletes, family and sponsors it’s more internal looking,” Payne said. Bethanie   a   American Olympian, went to U. S. A. House on Sunday night to celebrate winning the gold medal in mixed doubles tennis with her partner, Jack Sock. “It was a great little setup: good food, good drinks and a lot of the athletes were just hanging out,” she said. “You walk around, see an athlete with a medal around their neck, ask them what it was for and how they got it. It’s a pretty cool atmosphere. “I know some of the houses can get rowdy. I talked to my regular doubles partner, Lucie Safarova, who is Czech, and she said after they had gotten the bronze medal she went to the Czech House, and they were dancing all night. ” Other hospitality venues are not linked to national delegations. Companies like Nike, Oakley and Red Bull have their own places, typically reserved for the athletes they sponsor and their entourages. “Basically, the athletes are going to their own house, other national houses or to their sports booths like Nike or Red Bull,” Payne said. “I don’t think the team leaders of the national Olympic committees are encouraging them to wander around to party elsewhere, evidence the latest news stories. ” Not all athletes have stayed inside the   bubble. But Payne estimates that some companies have spent over $10 million on their   projects. Nike reportedly spent over $3 million just to rent its vast and luxurious location on a private golf course. “I went to Nike after my gold medal and enjoyed a great presentation and recognition,” said Christian Taylor, the American triple jumper. Others have established a Rio presence for significantly less investment, including the International Volleyball Federation, which is using a primary school along Copacabana Beach as its Olympic hub in exchange for doing some renovations. “It is paying no rent but investing a   dollars in improvements that will leave a nice and simple legacy for the Games,” said Payne, who is a consultant with the federation. There are also less visible corporate efforts to connect with the athletes, one by Apple and its recent acquisition, the headphone company Beats. “Completely below the radar,” Payne said. “No P. R. nothing, just a private retreat where they invite a few hundred athletes each day. ” Peisson, the French water polo player, said he had visited. “They are not official partners of the Games, so they have done it by  ” he said. “They have villas in Rio, and they bring in athletes and they have headphones, massage and relaxation. It is very cool. ” As he spoke, the Christ the Redeemer statue was visible high overhead, illuminated atop a peak that was a dark silhouette against the   sky. “But we always keep coming back here,” Peisson said of Club France. And with that, Peisson headed off in the direction of the dance floor, which, at 1:30 a. m. was just beginning to get crowded."
"title: Oakland Fire Victims Included Performers, Educators and Lawyers - The New York Times author: Christine Hauser, Niraj Chokshi and Daniel Victor text: They were musicians, poets, educators and baristas.   people were killed in a fire at an electronic dance party at a warehouse in Oakland, Calif. last weekend, and the coroner’s bureau in Alameda County is releasing their names. It was one of the worst structure fires in the United States in over a decade. Amanda Allen Kershaw, 34, San Francisco Early on Dec. 3, Lea Romingquet and her friends were camping in the Santa Cruz mountains when they received a message that stunned them: A fire had raged through the Ghost Ship warehouse the night before. Ms. Romingquet knew Ms. Kershaw, one of her closest friends, had been there that night and had planned to join the group in the mountains. But it was not to be. “She really was the best of humans,” Ms. Romingquet said in a telephone interview, reflecting on her friendship with Ms. Kershaw, whom she had first met on a dance floor in 2009. Ms. Kershaw, a photographer, grew up in Chelmsford, Mass. and moved to San Francisco with her husband, Andy Kershaw, in 2008, The Lowell Sun reported. She worked at the Trust for Conservation Innovation, which said she had left behind a “devastated work family. ” “Family” was a word that Ms. Romingquet used, too. Ms. Kershaw’s death, she said, “has really dialed in how important chosen family is. ” Wolfgang Renner, 61, Oakland Mr. Renner, who was originally from Germany, was a fixture in the underground electronic music scene for decades, according to The East Bay Times. “Wolfgang was about as free of an individual as anyone is likely to ever meet,” said a friend, Robert Janca, on Facebook. “When we were close, it was a joy to go and visit him, as he was a capable host who made all of his friends feel welcome and celebrated. ” Michele Sylvan, 37, Oakland Mr. Janca was also mourned the death of Ms. Sylvan. He described her as a “lovely, wildly creative” woman. “Michelle was a potent visionary and was always up for life’s adventure. The world is a decidedly less colorful one without them. ” Nicholas D. Walrath, 31, Oakland When the fire started at the Ghost Ship, Mr. Walrath texted his girlfriend, Alexis   to say that he loved her, she told  The Pittsburgh  . His goal in life was to care for other people, and that was what inspired him to be a lawyer, she added. “He could really step outside of himself and care and listen to other people and feel their struggles, and want to help,” she said. His mother, Deborah D. Walrath, said in a telephone interview, “Above all, he was kind to every person he came into contact with. ” Mr. Walrath, who grew up in Pittsburgh, took a roundabout career path. He studied physics and philosophy at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and then went on to pursue a graduate degree in atomic physics. But then he chose law over the laboratory, and graduated from New York University’s law school in 2013. “He was committed to social justice,” his mother told The San Francisco Chronicle. Durie Tangri LLP, the San Francisco law firm where Mr. Walrath last worked, said in a statement: “In the short time he had been at our firm, Nick already had shown himself to be a fine lawyer as well as a good and caring person. ” Johnny Igaz, 34, Oakland Kevin Hunsanger, an owner of Green Apple Books in San Francisco, was unnerved recently when one of his staff members, an experienced music buyer, announced he was leaving. But the employee suggested a replacement, saying, “I have got the right guy. ” That “guy” was Johnny Igaz, Mr. Hunsanger said. “In all these years of training staff members, he was as close to a    employee that I have ever had,” Mr. Hunsanger said in a telephone interview. “It was a driving passion in Johnny’s life. He was really tied into the community of record collectors. ” Mr. Hunsanger is a   music nerd who said he has a record collection of 2, 500 items. But Mr. Igaz, in the months he spent in the store as its buyer of CD’s and records, introduced Mr. Hunsanger to the work of an artist he did not know  —   Betty Davis, the wife of Miles Davis  —   who recorded funk albums in the 1960s and ‘70s. “He had encyclopedic knowledge of all types of music and genres,” Mr. Hunsanger said. Mr. Igaz was working as a D. J. at the Ghost Ship on the night of the fire, which has gutted the community of musicians and artists in the Bay Area, Mr. Hunsanger said: “Everybody knows someone who perished. ” Griffin Madden, 23, Berkeley, Calif. The staff at Cal Performances, the performing arts presenter and producer at the University of California, Berkeley, had planned this year’s holiday party long before the devastating fire that claimed so many lives. So on Tuesday, the party was transformed into a remembrance of the life of one of their own, a “beloved” member of the staff, Griffin Madden. He had started out as an usher at the theater when he was an    freshman at Berkeley, the artistic director, Matías Tarnopolsky, said in an email. Mr. Madden graduated in 2015 with a double major in philosophy and Slavic languages and literature. He had recently been hired full time as an audience services associate with Cal Performances. His girlfriend, Saya, and his father, Mike, attended the Cal Performances gathering, Mr. Tarnopolsky said. “Their extraordinary example of grace and optimism was truly inspiring to all of us who knew Griffin,” he said. “Our community is heartbroken at this news. ” Hanna Ruax, 32, Helsinki, Finland Ms. Ruax, a yoga instructor and jewelry designer from Finland, was the owner of a yoga and wellness center in Helsinki called Pihasali, which was founded by her mother, Kirsi   over 10 years ago, according to the company’s website. Ms. Ruax, whose fiancé, Alex Ghassan, was also killed in the fire, wrote on social media that she was inspired by how her father went from modest beginnings in a small village to become a successful businessman. In some of the last photographs posted on her Facebook page, Ms. Ruax was cuddling and kissing Mr. Ghassan. In one of them, published on Nov. 22, she announced with an excited smile that she was on her way from Finland to California to see him. The next day, united in Oakland, the two made funny faces for the camera. “Home sweet home!” she wrote. As a child, Ms. Ruax played piano and danced, and she loved to hike in Koli National Park in eastern Finland. At her yoga studio, she taught a “reggae yoga” signature class with a D. J. her friends and family in Finland said in an emailed statement in response to questions. She met Mr. Ghassan at a music video shoot, and they were thinking of moving to Europe together, they said. On her Instagram account, Ms. Ruax had described her relationship with the world: “When your heart is open and you embrace the world everywhere with an open mind, there’s no difference in the end. The cultures are different, but the hearts are the same. ” Vanessa Plotkin, 21, Lakewood, Calif. Ms. Plotkin was a student at the University of California, Berkeley. She was a junior majoring in sociology there, a spokeswoman for the university, Janet Gilmore, said in an emailed statement. She was also a volunteer at the campus radio station, KALX. She worked in the music department to help process the pieces that were to be played on air, said Sandra Wasson, the station manager, in a brief telephone interview. She added that   have described Ms. Plotkin as “kind, fun, a hard worker and very inquisitive. ” Em Bohlka, 33, Oakland Ms. Bohlka, who grew up in Claremont, Calif. loved to write poetry, and enjoyed the outdoors and rock climbing. “We used to do a lot of camping and hiking trips together, and she was a voracious reader,’’ her father, Jack Bohlka, said in an interview. “She liked all sorts of literature, and we shared a love of Kurt Vonnegut. ” He said he and his daughter often exchanged quotes from Vonnegut and his works by text or email. “There is one where Vonnegut says that he much prefers to live life at the edge because you can see so much more from the edges than you can from the center,” he said. “Throughout her life she was always a friend to people on the fringes, the marginalized,” he said. “She always reached out to people with love and acceptance. ” Ms. Bohlka was a transgender woman. Her father wrote on his Facebook page about how devastated he was to have lost his child in the fire. He noted that she had recently begun her transition to becoming a “beautiful, happy woman. She at last was living as she was meant to live. I only wish she had more time to fully enjoy her life. ” She graduated from the University of California, Riverside, with an English degree and went on to get a Masters in English Literature at California State Polytechnic University in Pomona. She was getting ready to move to New York City, but had been working at High Wire coffee shop in Berkeley and had gone to the Ghost Ship that night with Donna Kellogg, who was also an employee at the coffee shop and who died in the fire. In the telephone interview, Mr. Bohlka noted that the Ghost Ship was considered a safe space for the transgender community. “I know there are far too few spaces for trans people to feel safe and free to express themselves,” Mr. Bohlka said in a statement. “Although the building itself was not physically safe, the community of beautiful people felt safe with each other. ” Benjamin Runnels, 32, Oakland Mr. Runnels was a musician and vocalist who founded the electronic pop group Introflirt. Its musical genre was referred to as “croonwave. ” He performed along with a fellow band member who played an electronic musical instrument called an omnichord. According to Introflirt’s website, Mr. Runnels, who also went by the stage names Ben Benjamin and Charlie Prowler, spent countless weekends in an Oakland piano bar, “honing his chops with midcentury jazz standards, realizing a vintage flair and rich vocal technique rarely heard in electronic music. ” Mr. Runnels was a native of Mariaville, N. Y. but was lured to the Bay Area by the location’s vibrant music scene, family members said. He lived in Oakland for five years. “He was one of those people who could pick up any instrument,” his sister, Erin Runnels, told The San Francisco Chronicle. “It would be really rare that a song, whether it was Glenn Miller or The Grateful Dead or some obscure European house music, would come on without him being able to tell you something about it. ” Alex Ghassan, 35, Oakland Mr. Ghassan planted a kiss on the cheek of his younger sister, Francesca, pulling her close with his right arm around her neck. The smile on her face, turned directly to the camera, could not have been broader. That was the image she posted on Facebook Tuesday morning under the words “RIP big brother. ” Mr. Ghassan, a director and producer, was the father of twin daughters, according to a biography on a   page set up by his mother, Emilie Grandchamps. He moved to Oakland from Jersey City, N. J. two years ago. “He was family man and loved spending quality and creative time with his daughters. His love and adoration for his mother was so warm and humbling,” it said. It said he was visiting the Ghost Ship warehouse to support other artists there that night. He died from smoke inhalation, the page said. “I loved how he brought my words to life and how he made music films for all the artists he worked with,” a fellow artist, Hasan Salaam, was quoted as saying on the memorial   page. David Cline, 24, Oakland Friends described Mr. Cline, an alumnus of the University of California, Berkeley, as someone with a fun personality and a penchant for bear hugs. On Facebook, his former clarinet teacher posted an autobiography that Mr. Cline wrote before his senior recital, in which he called himself a “devoted volleyball player” and member of the   Band. “This summer he looks forward to spending time at the beach, enjoying the sunshine with his friends and observing a variety of aquatic animals,” Mr. Cline wrote. Mr. Cline recently graduated with a double major in cognitive science and computer science, and was a “ferociously brilliant student and impossibly bright mind,” his brother, Neil Cline, said in a statement. “To David, we love you,” he wrote in a Facebook post on Sunday. “You will be with us always. ” Donna Kellogg, 32, Oakland Ms. Kellogg worked as a barista at Highwire Coffee Roasters in Berkeley, a person who answered the telephone there said on Monday. An article in The San Francisco Chronicle described her as a “freewheeling and  ” person who loved cooking and played the drums. “She liked   music,” said her father, Hugh Slocum. A recent graduate of San Francisco State University, Ms. Kellogg was studying for a degree in culinary arts at Laney College in Oakland. Travis Hough, 35, Oakland Mr. Hough was an educator at two elementary schools, focusing on psychological counseling, according to Demetrio Gonzalez, the president of a local teachers union. He was an alumnus of California College of the Arts, according to a post on its Twitter account. He was also an art therapist and a musician. He and his band,  Ghost of Lightning, played in November at Oakland. Secret, a performance and art space, Zoe Ceja, a founder of the site, said in an interview. Sara Hoda, 30, Walnut Creek, Calif. Ms. Hoda was a teacher at a Montessori school who loved gardening, according to her former housemate Carol Crewdson, who helped her start a communal house in Oakland, hoping to help combat the housing crisis. “We sort of tried to make community work in a small space,” Ms. Crewdson said. “We would make gardens, and she would teach kids about gardens. ” Ms. Crewdson said Ms. Hoda was an “honorable” person. Ms. Hoda was previously a representative for a local union assisting teachers. Brandon Chase Wittenauer, 32, Hayward, Calif.  Mr. Wittenauer was the vocalist in the music duo Symbiotix Fungi, who went by the name Nex Iuguolo, according to his Facebook page. Cash Askew, 22, Oakland Ms. Askew was a musician who performed with the band Them Are Us Too. “Completely heartbroken to lose such an incredible soul,” the group’s label, Dais Records, said on Twitter. “We love you Cash. ” Nicolas   25, Berkeley Mr.   worked at Counterpoint Press, a publisher based in Berkeley. “From the second Nick started at Counterpoint, he became part of our family,” the publisher wrote on Facebook. “Whether he was recommending new music to listen to (and it was always so good) regaling us with tales of the bowling alley, offering his beloved truck for a ride if anyone needed it, or sharing his much appreciated opinions about a book jacket or manuscript, he made everyone feel like they were his friend. He was kind, considerate, hilarious. .. In short, he was an essential part of our team. ” Riley Fritz, 29, Berkeley Ms. Fritz, a musician, artist and transgender woman, had been in Oakland only a few months, but she was already enjoying her life there, said her brother, Ben Fritz, a newspaper reporter in Los Angeles. “She came down here for Thanksgiving and she seemed to me to be the happiest that I’ve seen her in quite a while,” he said. After graduating from high school in Westport, Conn. where she grew up, Ms. Fritz studied printmaking at the School for the Visual Arts in Manhattan. She later lived with friends in North Carolina and Indiana, where she worked odd jobs to support her art. But ultimately Oakland, with its supportive artist and transgender communities, beckoned. Ms. Fritz had many passions: She played the bass guitar, experimented with other music and had plans to start a band. She was an artist, a supporter of animal rights, and a voracious reader. “She’s the only person I’ve ever known who read David Foster Wallace’s ‘Infinite Jest,’” Mr. Fritz said. Ms. Fritz, who also went by the name Feral Pines, adopted the name Riley as a woman in her 20s. She exhibited a strength that her brother admired. “I think she was very brave to follow her truth and be who she felt she was,” he said. Chelsea Dolan, 33, San Francisco Ms. Dolan, a musician, was at the warehouse on Friday night to perform, her grandmother, Marion Dolan, told WGRZ, an NBC affiliate in upstate New York. “Music was her life. Everything was centered around her music, and if she got a chance to play, she went,” she said in an interview before her granddaughter’s death had been confirmed. Indeed, when Ms. Dolan wasn’t playing, she was a volunteer D. J. under the name Cherushii at the KALX community radio station, which is licensed to the University of California, Berkeley, the school said on Tuesday. Ms. Dolan visited her grandmother in the Buffalo area this past summer to celebrate her 90th birthday, the elder Ms. Dolan said. “All I saw of her was a happy gal,” she said. Jennifer Morris, 21, Foster City, Calif. Ms. Morris was one of three members of the University of California, Berkeley, community who were killed in the fire, the school announced on Tuesday. She was a junior and had plans to major in media studies. Before coming to Berkeley, Ms. Morris had studied at UC Santa Cruz. “We are working together as a community to help process this tragic loss,” Chancellor Nicholas Dirks said in a Sunday message to the Berkeley community. Jennifer Kiyomi Tanouye, 31, Oakland Music was central to Ms. Tanouye’s life, both personally and professionally. By day, she worked for Shazam, a music discovery service, which remembered her fondly on Twitter and encouraged visitors to its site to donate to a fund for victims of the fire. In a 2012 profile, The East Bay Express described Ms. Tanouye as “easily as stylish” as any of the artists she booked for an annual Mission Creek Music and Arts Festival that she helped run at the time. The author also credited her with “creating what may be the most promising arts event that the city has seen this year. ” Edmond Lapine, 34, Oakland Growing up, Mr. Lapine moved around Utah several times, but music was always a constant, The San Francisco Chronicle reported. He taught himself how to play the guitar and joined several bands. Later, he became a D. J. Throughout, he was surrounded by friends, his father, Bob Lapine, said. “When Edmond was in high school, they took a field trip to England,” he told The Chronicle. “My son was the tallest kid in the class and he dyed his hair bright green. I go, ‘Oh, Ed.’ I was so embarrassed. But wherever Ed went, a lot of kids would follow. He went over to England and the teachers said all they had to do was look for Ed and his green hair and there would be everybody else. ” Those who knew him remembered him as social and supportive  —   someone who sought out common ground when discussing music. Micah Danemayer, 28, Oakland Mr. Danemayer had just moved in with his girlfriend when the pair attended the party at the warehouse on Friday, a friend told KRON, an Oakland television station. The friend, Eric Stucke, said he met Mr. Danemayer through the electronic music scene and the two would frequently meet up at Brotzeit Lokal, an Oakland restaurant. During those meetings, Mr. Danemayer would make new friends, too, Mr. Stucke said. “He was basically an open book,” Mr. Stucke said. “He had his thing, he had very specific tastes, but yet he was a   person. ” Nicole Siegrist, 29, Oakland Ms. Siegrist, originally from Lincoln, Neb. played the synthesizer in a band called Introflirt. “People were just drawn to her from her energy, her unique perspective, optimism and creativity,” Carina McCormick, who knew her in Lincoln, told The Omaha  . Ms. Siegrist went to the warehouse with five friends, her mother, Carol Cidlik, said in an online post, according to the newspaper. As conditions worsened, she wrote in a text message to her mother: “I’m going to die now. ” Alex Vega, 22, San Bruno Mr. Vega had not yet decided on a career, but worked at a mortuary and as a valet at a hospital, according to The East Bay Times. He loved music and cars and liked to dabble in art, painting and photography, the newspaper reported. Mr. Vega’s girlfriend, Michela Gregory, was also killed in the fire. “There were some folks that were found hugging each other,” said Ms. Gregory’s father, David Gregory. “I believe my daughter and Alex were hugging each other. To the end, they were together, trying to help each other, I’m sure. I know it. ” Michela Angelina Gregory, 20 Ms. Gregory was studying communication disorders at San Francisco State University, hoping for a career in helping children with special needs, according to The Los Angeles Times. She had   jobs at a clothing store and a funeral home, the newspaper reported. Her boyfriend, Alex Vega, worked with her at the funeral home and also died at the warehouse. “They were each other’s best friends,” said her mother, Kimberly Gregory. “They were just like two peas in a pod. ” Ara Christina Jo, 29, Oakland Ms. Jo was a   of the East Bay Alternative Book and Zine Fest and worked at an art and printing retail store in Berkeley, according to The Los Angeles Times. “She’s an incredibly energetic person, who can cheer up a room just by existing, a lot of energy packed in that small body,” Jeremy Erickson, a   told The San Jose  . On her website, Ms. Jo listed her specialties as illustration, graphic design, crafting and  . Jennifer Mendiola, 35, Oakland Ms. Mendiola was a graduate student studying psychology at the University of California, Merced, according to Dorothy Leland, the school’s chancellor. “Colleagues have described Jennifer as a passionate and determined scientist, with an inquisitive mind and a collaborative spirit,” Ms. Leland wrote in a letter to the campus community. In 2015, Ms. Mendiola was a   of an   in The Los Angeles Times about the reluctance of Latinos to get flu shots. She had been finalizing her dissertation proposal for her defense in January. Jason McCarty, 35, Oakland Mr. McCarty moved from Iowa to California to pursue a master’s degree at the San Francisco Art Institute, and had dabbled in illustration, design, photography, painting and music, according to The San Francisco Chronicle. A former teacher, Andrew Benson, described him as “one of the hungry ones. ” His girlfriend, Grace Lovio, told The Los Angeles Times that he worked for an audiovisual company and was a sound artist for bands. “Love you a zilliopzazillion,” he wrote to her in a Facebook message on Saturday. Draven McGill, 17, San Francisco  Mr. McGill, the youngest victim, was a junior at Ruth Asawa School of the Arts, where he was a baritone in the choir, according to The San Francisco Chronicle. “As parents, teachers, children, students, brothers, sisters, and friends, we share in the heartbreak of his family and will embrace them and each other as Asawa SOTA family,” Barnaby Payne, the school’s principal, wrote in a statement. Mr. McGill was the son of a deputy in the Alameda County Sheriff’s Office, which was in charge of recovering and examining the bodies from the scene of the fire, according to the newspaper. “It really touches home with all of our people who worked alongside our deputy for the past 10 years,” Greg Ahern, the Alameda County   said at a news conference, according to KPIX, a local TV station. “So it is really emotional for people working on this site and the families that have lost a loved one. ” Joseph Matlock, 36, Oakland Joseph “Joey Casio” Matlock belonged to the music collective Katabatik, which lost three members to the fire, according to The East Bay Times. “He was really kind of enigmatic,” said Michael Buchanan, of the collective. “Very down to earth at times but with an interesting and unique way about him. ” Friends said he had a great sense of humor and loved puns. They also praised his music. His sets incorporated natural and ambient sounds into an “audio assault that was cathartic,” said Nihar Bhatt, a San Francisco D. J. Peter Wadsworth, 38, Oakland Tammy Tasoff, 29, first met Mr. Wadsworth years ago when they both lived in Boston. He was almost a decade older and quickly became an unofficial older brother to her. “I’m kind of disorganized as a person, and he would just see these things I needed to get done,” she said. “If I had piles of papers, he would buy a filing folder. ” He could be serious and enterprising  —   some friends called him “Business Pete. ” But he was also playful and thoughtful, Ms. Tasoff said. When she visited Los Angeles to interview at dental school over her birthday, he came along for moral support and to celebrate the occasion. He was eclectic in his interests and drawn to technology, often geeking out over the latest gadget: a phone,   lights, a drone. “He was into innovation,” she said, adding that he was always coming up with new projects. Mr. Wadsworth’s death was especially devastating, Ms. Tasoff said, because the two had discussed his moving out of the warehouse destroyed by the blaze and in with her in San Francisco before he changed his mind. Barrett Clark, 35, Oakland Mr. Clark, another member of the Katabatik collective, was a sound engineer, according to The East Bay Times. “He did the sound because he wanted to make the musicians sound as good as they possibly could,” Mr. Buchanan, who collaborated with Mr. Clark on various projects, told the publication. “We knew that place was unsafe  —   we had many conversations about it. But he chose to take the risk because it was outweighed by his intense feelings of generosity. ” His friends remembered him as funny and    and said he had a deep love for the outdoors. Jonathan Bernbaum, 34, Berkeley Like Joseph Matlock and Barrett Clark, who also died in the fire, Mr. Bernbaum belonged to the Katabatik collective, The East Bay Times reported. But Mr. Bernbaum’s expertise was in the visual arts. He traveled the world performing electronic dance music shows that featured complex light designs, the University of Southern California’s School of Cinematic Arts, where he earned a master of fine arts degree, said in a remembrance. “He was a true renaissance man. He loved to engage with you about issues,” said Prof. Brenda Goodman, who mentored Mr. Bernbaum at U. S. C. “He was opinionated, but he also listened. He was a visual artist in every sense of the term. ” Billy Dixon, 35, Oakland Mr. Dixon, an Ohio native, was remembered as cheerful and universally loved. “He had a smile that would light up the room when he walked in,” Justice Bill O’Neill of the Ohio Supreme Court, a longtime family friend, told the CBS affiliate in Cleveland,  . “Everybody was always happy when Billy was there. He wasn’t real interested in rules. He was an artist. ” Mr. Dixon sought to make people around him feel special, his family said in a statement provided to The Associated Press. He had “a hug for everyone no matter how long he has known them and has an amazing gift of making people feel appreciated,” the statement read."
"title: For Many Farmers, Retirement Is a Source of Dread - The New York Times author: Christina Capecchi text: MASONVILLE, Iowa  —   Lavern Kelchen stood in the back of a church hall in jeans and a   shirt, tapped his left index finger on his leg and placed the winning bid on a   farm here in eastern Iowa. It marked the seventh auction he had attended in the last five years and, with a bid of $9, 000 an acre, his first win. “I’m just getting a really good start,” said Mr. Kelchen, 51, who farms 2, 400 acres near Edgewood, Iowa. “I plan to go as long as I possibly can. ” For farmers like Mr. Kelchen, whose work is a   lifestyle, retirement seems more like a sentence than a prize. “The first two days I’d probably be all right,” he said. “But after that, I’d be going haywire. ” Mark Francois, 64, a farmer who also bid on the farm, echoed that sentiment. “I can only play so much golf,” he said, seated beside his son. “I don’t look forward to retirement. I look forward to doing fieldwork. ” Even Dean Vaske, 52, the farmer whose late parents’ land was being auctioned off, agreed. “I’m glad retirement is far away,” he said. “I love what I do, so why would I want to quit?” Farmers tend to work longer than most Americans, and recent statistics show they are farming even later in life, driven by work that is their identity, aided by technology that lightens its physical toll, and spurred by solid profits off record yields. According to the Department of Agriculture’s latest census, conducted in 2012, the average age of principal farm operators in the United States is 58, up from 50. 5 in 1982. One third are at least 65, the traditional retirement age, and 12 percent are 75 or older. Ask baby boomer farmers here how they are planning for retirement and the likely answer is: They are not. Fifteen percent of Iowa farmers never intend to retire, according to a 2014 farm poll by Iowa State University Extension and Outreach and the state agriculture department. Another 20 percent said they plan to eventually   continuing to provide some managerial control or labor to their farms. Many do not have a formal retirement fund. The land, they say, is their 401( k). The same fierce independence that drew them to farming characterizes their retirement approach: free of pensions, unions and   experts, just how they like it. “We’re on our own,” Mr. Francois said. “All you have to do is ask for advice, but we don’t. ” Only 49 percent of Iowa farmers have identified a successor to eventually run their farms, according to the 2014 farm poll. Many avoid the topic because they equate retirement with mortality. They are quick to relay stories of farmers who died shortly after retiring  —   presumably, they imply, because of a loss of purpose. Even those who have selected a successor are loath to pick a retirement date and actively prepare for it. It took a tornado for Dean Vaske’s father, Art, to retire and move into town. He had been milking cows twice a day until his early 70s. Then the tornado wiped out another son’s farm buildings, prompting Art to invite that son to move onto his farm. Looking back, Dean Vaske said, the transition was smooth. “We couldn’t have planned it much better,” he said. Farmers here assume retirement will work itself out. “If everyone’s raised right, the next generation will take care of us when we get to the point that we can’t farm ourselves,” said Jim Hogan, 66, a   farmer from Monticello, Iowa, whose father never retired. Mr. Hogan has two sons who farm with him and “no idea” how he will structure his retirement income when he scales back from daily operations. Yet he admits that his father’s lack of succession planning (the farm was ultimately left in the control of Mr. Hogan’s mother when his father died) was not ideal, limiting what Mr. Hogan and his brothers can now do with the land, which is still owned by his mother in a trust controlled by a law firm. David W. Baker, a farm transition specialist from Iowa State Extension and Outreach, said that when he counsels families to help them begin discussing retirement, 90 percent of his meetings bring someone to tears. “There are strong feelings about the farm, about what grandpa and grandma did, about my son or daughter having no interest in my farm,” Mr. Baker said. Amanda Van Steenwyk, who leads a   program for the Iowa Farm Bureau, said the   scenario can be devastating. “From the lack of planning, the farm will get split up  —   or even worse, the family will get split up,” she said. A farmer’s retirement is determined by whether an adult child is involved in the operation. This is the case for 31 percent of Iowa farmers, according to the farm poll, which means they will typically sell or rent the land to their farming child upon retirement. Arriving at an equitable arrangement for the nonfarming children can be a challenge, experts say. Meanwhile, there is pressure on the child operating the family farm, said Matt Hein, 61, a Monticello farmer. “You’re actually working with your father’s retirement plan,” he said. “You to go to bed at night thinking, ‘That’s a retirement plan. ’” For Jack Kintzle, 73, a retired   farmer near Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the fact that his children chose not to farm made him wistful at first, but ultimately simplified his retirement equation. “It helped me make a cleaner break,” he said. Now Mr. Kintzle lives off his 700 acres. Some retired farmers   leasing their land and splitting the crop between owner and operator. Others set up a   lease in which another operator pays a fixed price per acre to work the land and keep all of its income. Last year’s average rate was $235 per acre, according to Iowa State data. But farmers are in no rush, guided by a reversal of conventional wisdom on retirement. While many Americans fear they could work themselves to death, farmers see their livelihood as their lifeline. Success does not allow them to quit earlier, it prods them to keep going. And they don’t envy retirees  —   they feel sorry for them. “It’s sad when people have a countdown to retirement,” Mr. Francois said. “They obviously don’t love their job. My friend who worked at the Postal Service had it right down to the hours till he could quit. Now he spends a lot of time just reading. He doesn’t get outside as much. I don’t think he even looks good. ”"
"title: Arab Media Report: Abbas Admitted Trump was ‘Enraged’ Over anti-Israel Incitement author: Breitbart Jerusalem text: The Times of Israel reports: Following insistent Palestinian denials that US President Donald Trump shouted at Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas about Palestinian incitement against Israel during their meeting last week, Abbas has conceded  —   in Arabic  —   that the story is true, according to a report by the   Qatari news site    . [Channel 2 News reported earlier this week that during their talks in Bethlehem last week, Trump yelled at Abbas and accused him of direct involvement in incitement against Israel. “You tricked me in DC! You talked there about your commitment to peace, but the Israelis showed me your involvement in incitement,” Trump was said to have shouted at a shocked Abbas.  The TV report said the outburst was followed by several minutes of stunned silence from the Palestinians, and that the meeting was very tense before the two sides managed to get back on track. Read more here."
"title: Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility - The New York Times author: Peter Baker text: WASHINGTON  —   When last they saw each other six weeks ago after the ceremonial passing of power, President Trump and former President Barack Obama parted with smiles and handshakes. But it did not take long for the surface bonhomie to degenerate into a fierce and public clash unlike any other in modern times. While Mr. Obama has remained quiet for the most part, some of his closest loyalists moved into opposition mode, leading what some only   call “the resistance. ” Mr. Trump, convinced that Obama holdovers still in government are trying to sabotage his presidency, took the conflict nuclear over the weekend by accusing his predecessor of bugging his telephones last year. Mr. Trump provided no proof, and the charge was quickly dismissed by intelligence veterans and, indirectly, the F. B. I. but that did not make it any less sensational or any less historic. Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents spilled over into such a public spectacle. If sustained, it could fray the institution of the presidency, further erode the public’s already low confidence in the nation’s leadership and leave both allies and enemies with the impression of an America at war with itself. Perhaps it should be no surprise that it came to this between the 44th and 45th presidents. During last year’s campaign, Mr. Obama called Mr. Trump a “con artist and a  ” who could not be trusted with the nuclear codes. Mr. Trump called Mr. Obama “the worst president in the history of the United States” after spending years questioning whether he had been born in the United States. They put that rancor aside for a cordial meeting after the election, but that barely veiled the chasm between them in terms of personality, politics and policy. “We’re in a unique period,” said Newt Gingrich, the Republican former House speaker who has been an outside adviser to the new president. “Trump is a genuinely disruptive figure who threatens everything Obama stands for. ” Mr. Obama’s camp insisted they are simply defending their legacy. “It takes two people to duel, and only one seems to be aiming his weapon,” said Jennifer Psaki, White House communications director under Mr. Obama. “The uniqueness of the time is the fact that you have one unhinged and misinformed sitting president pointing his gun at a former. That is unprecedented. ” Denis R. McDonough, Mr. Obama’s last White House chief of staff, said the former president’s team could not remain silent in the face of false assertions. “What I have witnessed in recent days is former colleagues speaking out against untruths when needed,” he said. “That is best characterized as not backing down from attacks it is not seeking out conflict. ” But inside the Trump White House, it has become an article of faith that people seeded throughout the government by Mr. Obama have been leaking everything they could get their hands on to damage the new president. “I think that President Obama is behind it, because his people are certainly behind it,” Mr. Trump said in a recent interview with “Fox  Friends. ” “And some of the leaks possibly come from that group, you know, some of the leaks, which are really very serious leaks, because they’re very bad in terms of national security. ” Other presidents have endured fractious relations. After leaving office, Herbert Hoover regularly castigated Franklin D. Roosevelt, who ostracized his predecessor. Harry S. Truman was so estranged from Dwight D. Eisenhower that they did not speak during a frosty ride to the 1953 inauguration. Ronald Reagan publicly blamed his woes on the mess he said Jimmy Carter had left him, just as Mr. Obama from time to time pointed the finger at George W. Bush. But none of those moments compared to what America has seen in recent days. “Trump is on new ground in going after Obama,” said the historian Robert Dallek, who has written acclaimed books on John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard M. Nixon. Most presidents have publicly ignored their predecessors “until we get to Trump,” he added. “He is either ignorant of recent presidential history or simply doesn’t care. ” The closest analogue in modern times may have been Johnson and Nixon, both presidents who favored secret wiretapping. In his last days in office, Johnson was furious at Nixon after wiretaps revealed that a Republican intermediary seemed to be trying to undercut possible peace talks before the 1968 election. For his part, Nixon was convinced that Johnson had bugged him. Yet neither Johnson nor Nixon publicly aired those grievances at the time. “The Nixon tapes show that Nixon always thought that Johnson taped his 1968 campaign, and possibly Nixon himself,” said Luke A. Nichter, a leading scholar of Nixon’s secret Oval Office tapes at Texas AM University. “Nixon said that it was J. Edgar Hoover who told him this. However, based on the available records, the closest to wiretapping Nixon that L. B. J. ever came was monitoring the phone calls out of Spiro Agnew’s campaign plane. ” Before last year’s campaign, Mr. Obama told advisers that he was inclined to keep quiet after leaving office to give his successor a chance to govern, much as Mr. Bush did for him. But he expected that successor to be Hillary Clinton or even Jeb Bush or Marco Rubio. Mr. Trump was a different story, and Mr. Obama concluded he would speak out if he felt the nation’s ideals were under threat. Ten days into the new administration, when Mr. Trump issued his first temporary travel ban on visitors from seven largely Muslim countries and cited Mr. Obama’s own actions as precedent, the former president did just that in a statement saying he “fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion. ” His team did not wait even that long. The day after the inauguration, former Obama administration officials, including John Kerry, whose tenure as secretary of state had just ended, joined a women’s march in Washington protesting Mr. Trump. Other officials appeared on television talk shows and newspaper   pages to speak out against the new president’s policies. Mr. Trump’s team has been angered by the criticism but even more by what they see as the enemy within. With so few of his own political appointees in place, much of the government is still operating with acting officials, some held over from the Obama administration. Moreover, the federal Civil Service, while officially neutral politically, is not dominated by Trump supporters, judging by vote results in Washington and its suburbs. So when Mark Levin, the conservative radio host, contended that Mr. Obama had targeted Mr. Trump for surveillance in what he called a “silent coup,” an assertion picked up by Breitbart News, the former website of the White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon, it struck a chord. Along with reports that in Mr. Obama’s last days in office his administration changed the rules on distributing intelligence and made a point of spreading information about Mr. Trump’s team and Russia to different parts of the government to “preserve” it, the wiretapping allegation pushed Mr. Trump over the top. “It’s a sign of how deeply frustrated he is,” Mr. Gingrich said. “They have a much bigger assault against them than people have had in the past. ” And so, Mr. Gingrich added, Mr. Trump needs to figure out how to get control of his own bureaucracy. “He’s not going to survive,” he said, “unless he profoundly rethinks what they’re doing and how they’re doing it. ”"
"title: Heart-Rending Testimony as Dylann Roof Trial Opens - The New York Times author: Kevin Sack and Alan Blinder text: CHARLESTON, S. C.  —   She recalled watching the young white man stroll into Bible study, thinking he just wanted to seek the word of God. He was handed a Bible and a worksheet about that Wednesday night’s lesson, the parable of the sower, and took a seat next to the pastor. He said nothing for nearly 45 minutes, hanging his head and waiting for the 12 parishioners to stand and close their eyes in benediction. Then Felicia Sanders heard the first startling boom, she said, as Dylann S. Roof removed a Glock .  handgun from his fanny pack and methodically shot one   worshiper after the next, nine in all, starting with the pastor of Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, the Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney. Before it ended, 77   rounds later, Ms. Sanders, the first witness to testify in Mr. Roof’s federal death penalty trial on Wednesday, found herself underneath a table muzzling her    granddaughter so hard she feared she would suffocate her. Her wounded son, Tywanza Sanders, 26, had already fallen on one side of her her aunt, Susie Jackson, 87, lay dead on the other. She rubbed her leg in the blood pooling on the linoleum floor so the gunman might think she and her granddaughter were dead. As Mr. Roof made his way out of the church that unholy night, June 17, 2015, Mr. Sanders moved toward Ms. Jackson, begging for water because he could not breathe. “When he reached Aunt Susie,” Ms. Sanders wailed from the witness stand, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue, “he grabbed a handful of her hair and took his last breath. I watched my son come in this world and I watched my son leave this world. ” Ms. Sanders’s   account opened testimony in United States District Court after Mr. Roof’s lawyer began to argue for a sentence of life in prison for the    avowed white supremacist. Faced with perhaps his only chance to persuade the jury to spare Mr. Roof’s life, the lawyer, David I. Bruck, used his opening statement to concede Mr. Roof’s guilt and suggest doubts about his stability. “In fairness and in mercy, our society does not invoke the death penalty if there are reasons to choose life, a life in prison,” said Mr. Bruck, the leader of the   defense team that Mr. Roof plans to jettison during a second phase of the trial, when jurors will decide whether he should be executed. “We do not behave like the person who committed this crime. ” Mr. Roof, dressed in the striped uniform of the county jail, sat expressionless, staring down at the defense table, as he did throughout more than seven hours in court. Earlier, the lead prosecutor, Julius N. Richardson, an assistant United States attorney, introduced each of the nine victims, showing the jurors their photographs, describing their lives and explaining how they came to gather in the church’s fellowship hall that night. But he spent much of his   opening statement emphasizing Mr. Roof’s deliberateness and premeditation. “We will prove to you that the defendant’s attack was cold and calculating,” Mr. Richardson said. “It was done with malice in his heart, in his mind, racist retribution for perceived offenses against the white race. ” Mr. Richardson told the jury that the prosecution would prove that Mr. Roof was well aware of the historic church’s significance to the   community and that he intended the attack as a racial call to arms. Founded in 1818, the downtown church, known here as Mother Emanuel, is one of the oldest independent black congregations in the South and played central roles in the plotting of a failed slave revolt in 1822 and in civil rights activities 140 years later. Ms. Sanders testified that her wounded son managed to tell Mr. Roof that he did not need to continue shooting, that they meant him no harm. “I have to do this,” she quoted the gunman as responding, “because y’all are raping our women and y’all are taking over our world. ” That, she said, was “when he put about five bullets in my son. I couldn’t move. I was just waiting on my turn. ” Mr. Roof is charged with 33 counts, including hate crimes resulting in death, and also faces a death penalty trial in state court that is scheduled for  . Federal prosecutors rejected his offer to plead guilty in exchange for a sentence of life without parole. His victims included Mr. Pinckney, 41, who was also a state senator Ms. Jackson, a church matriarch who sang in the choir Mr. Sanders, a recent college graduate and aspiring poet the Rev. Sharonda   45, a high school speech pathologist and track coach Cynthia Hurd, 54, a county library manager Ethel Lee Lance, 70, a longtime church member and sexton the Rev. DePayne   49, a college enrollment counselor the Rev. Daniel Lee Simmons Sr. 74, a retired pastor who filled in   at the church and Myra Thompson, 59, an English teacher and guidance counselor. Two adults and a child survived in the fellowship hall, along with Mr. Pinckney’s wife and their younger daughter, who were hiding in his adjacent study. The gunman fled in his black Hyundai Elantra and was captured without incident the next day in North Carolina with the murder weapon in his back seat. Police officers and other emergency workers testified Wednesday of finding an unimaginable scene. Footage from a police sergeant’s body camera showed them trying to determine the number of casualties. “We’ve got one, two, three, four, five, five, six, seven, eight, make that eight,” one officer counted as he surveyed the room. Mr. Bruck made no effort to dispute the thrust of the prosecution’s case. “The story Mr. Richardson just finished telling you really did occur,” he said. “Dylann Roof really is the person. ” The jury of 18, including six alternates, that was selected Wednesday morning consists of 12 whites, five blacks and one who identifies as “other. ” Thirteen are women and five are men. Mr. Roof and his defense team have been at uneasy odds for a month over the lawyers’ desire to try to save his life by presenting evidence of mental instability. After a week of legal wrangling, Judge Richard M. Gergel agreed to Mr. Roof’s request that Mr. Bruck and his team represent him during the guilt phase but that he represent himself during the penalty phase. Knowing he would be sidelined when allowed to present evidence of Mr. Roof’s family background and psychological history, Mr. Bruck, one of the country’s foremost capital defenders, used his opening statement to plant notions that the rampage was the work of a disturbed man. “On what planet does someone have to be to think you could advance a political agenda by attacking these nine people who are the most kind, upstanding  —   I will use the world noble  —   people you could possibly find in this community or any other,” Mr. Bruck told the jury. “Does it make any sense at all and, if not, what does that tell you?” He also tried to focus the jury on Mr. Roof’s youth. In his only question to Ms. Sanders, he asked if Mr. Roof had said at some point that he was 21 years old. He had, she said. Then she added that Mr. Roof had said he was going to kill himself. “I was counting on that,” she said, glaring at him. “He is evil. There is no place for him except the pit of hell. ”"
"title: Simone Biles Soars, Lifting Another Country With Her - The New York Times author: Jeré Longman text: BELIZE CITY, Belize  —   One o’clock arrived. Relatives gathered at a hotel bar to watch Olympic gymnastics on television. So did the first lady of Belize and 11 contestants in the coming Miss Belize pageant, wearing their sashes and carrying tiny flags. But where was Simone Biles? The women’s individual   competition had begun 4, 000 miles away on Thursday afternoon at the Rio Games. Biles, 19, was the heavy American favorite, but there was also anticipation in an unlikely place, the tiny Central American country of Belize, where she holds dual citizenship. Phone calls were made. Television channels were changed. Beauty contestants were perplexed. Still no live gymnastics. Finally, after 30 minutes, the live feed began on Caribbean television. Biles had already performed her vault routine, but the delayed start did not mute the ecstatic cheering that greeted her second gold medal at the Rio Games. There are big stories unfolding in Belize, including a Supreme Court ruling that affirmed gay rights and the cleanup from Hurricane Earl, which churned through last week. But interest in Biles also has resonated here, in the country’s economic capital, as evidenced everywhere from the prime minister’s residence to the shade of a local plum tree, painted purple and gold, where tour guides talk politics and play dominoes. “We are taking all the gold medals she is going to win,” Kim Simplis Barrow, 44, the first lady of Belize, said with a smile. Biles’s connection to Belize is as complex and ultimately elevating as the flips, jumps and windmill spins that have made her the best gymnast of her generation, perhaps ever. She was born in 1997 in Columbus, Ohio, to a mother who struggled with addiction to drugs and alcohol, and to a father who was not part of her life. In 2002, Biles’s birth mother lost custody of her four children, who were placed in foster care and faced the possibility of being scattered by adoption. Instead, Simone, then 6, and her younger sister Adria, then 4, were adopted in 2003 by their maternal grandfather, Ron Biles, and his second wife, Nellie Cayetano Biles, who is from a prominent Belizean family of teachers and nurses and government officials. (Nellie is not Simone’s biological grandmother Simone’s other two biological siblings were adopted by Ron’s older sister.) Before, Ron and Nellie were known to Simone and Adria as Grandpa and Grandma. Now they are Mom and Dad. Nellie’s mother, Evarista Cayetano, was a teacher and an owner of a grocery store. Her father, Silas Cayetano, also began his career as a teacher, then became an official in Belize’s fishing and agricultural cooperatives, and, later, a senator. The original family home, at 118 Neal Penn Road, was made of wood. The family lived upstairs and the store was downstairs. It was a gathering place, where Silas Cayetano held court on weekends, settling neighborhood disputes, telling jokes, spinning stories. “It was community central, especially on Saturdays, when the chickens were fresh,” said Opal Enriquez, a cousin of Simone’s and the director of the Miss Belize pageant. The Cayetano home had opened its doors to the nine Enriquez children, whose family came to Belize City from the southern town of Punta Gorda. Silas Cayetano had skipped high school, worked at a seminary and passed his teacher’s exam at age 19, relatives said. He encouraged his nieces and nephews, as he had his own four children, telling them that education was the most reliable way to escape poverty. “Our uncle set the bar high,” Enriquez said. “Failure was never an option. He embedded in our brains that we were destined for greatness. Simone listened. We weren’t afraid to dream. ” When Ron and Nellie Biles adopted Simone and Adria, they had two sons of their own who were about to graduate from high school and leave for college. The couple wanted to travel. It would not be easy raising two young girls. But the girls needed parents, and adopting them was a “no brainer,” said Nellie, 61. “When you grow up, I firmly believe that you see what goes on in the family, what your father and mother do,” she said. “And you tend to mimic what you see. It’s innate. It wasn’t even a question. ” The extended Biles family is watching Simone compete at the Olympics across two continents and four time zones. Ron and Nellie and a dozen other relatives are in Rio. Others are in Spring, Tex. north of Houston, where the Bileses live and own a gymnastics center. Still more are scattered in Belize, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago. “We’re trying to put Belize on the map as much as we can,” Nellie, a retired nurse, said. “Simone is competing for the U. S. and we’re not taking any credit away from that. But the fact that she has dual citizenship, I don’t see why we cannot celebrate her second country also. ” And Belize seems happy to celebrate Biles. Formerly known as British Honduras, it gained its independence only in 1981. Belize has never produced an Olympic champion since it began competing in the Summer Games in 1968. A small contingent of three athletes was sent to Rio to compete with modest ambitions in track and field and judo. During the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Belize did have a big moment, celebrating and claiming three gold medals won in sprinting by the American Marion Jones, whose mother was born here. After winning the 200 meters, Jones held up a Belizean flag. Its coat of arms features two woodcutters, one with light brown skin carrying an ax, the other darker skinned and holding an oar, who symbolize the country’s ethnic diversity, history of slavery and its mahogany industry. Jones’s gesture brought international attention to Belize and widely endeared her to its citizens. The country later named her a sports ambassador. Though Jones’s victories were nullified and her career disgraced by doping and a   scheme, which brought a prison sentence of six months, she remains popular and appreciated here. Belize’s national stadium, long being refurbished, is called the Marion Jones Sports Complex. Belize’s relationship with Simone Biles is less entrenched so far, but also less complicated. She is a bubbly teenager who has traveled here regularly to visit and to go fishing and snorkeling on vacation. Last summer, she attended the wedding of her brother here, posed for a newspaper photographer, and was spotted doing back flips off a pier. Upon arriving in Rio, she traded Olympic pins with a Belizean athlete. “Simone said, when she gets married, it’s going to be in Belize,” Nellie Biles said. Ron Biles paused as he sat on a sofa at a hotel near Rio’s Olympic Park on Monday, his 67th birthday. “It’s going to be a while longer,” he said as a group of relatives broke into laughter. “Another 16 years. ” As the Olympics approached, Simone was acknowledged by Belize’s ministry of youth and sports, interviewed on the popular Love FM radio, featured in the country’s   newspaper and followed widely on social media. “People are very excited, because she has Belizean parentage, she’s a great athlete and she acknowledges her Belizean roots,” Adele Ramos, the assistant editor of Amandala, Belize’s   newspaper, said of Biles. “She is the next best thing for us after Marion Jones. ” Yet some feel conflicted, not about Biles, but about the way Belize, in their view, does not fully support its homegrown athletes. Karen Vernon, the theater director of Belize’s Institute of Creative Arts and the mother of two of the country’s top cyclists, said she was happy for Biles but did not “like the fact that Belize is waiting for her to win to claim her. ” “We need to support our own athletes and artists,” Vernon said. “We have talent here. ” The Cayetano family was not athletic, Nellie Biles said the other day with a laugh, though her father did claim ornately to have been a gymnast and the source of Simone’s versatile skills. “Everybody knows that Nellie’s father was a comedian,” said Florita Avila, 59, a cousin of Simone’s. As a girl, Nellie Biles said she played tennis and did the hop, skip and jump. Ron, her husband, shook his head. “You played hopscotch,” he said. His wife did not play sports but watched them on television, Ron added, before correcting himself and saying, “You didn’t have a television. ” It is a true story, Nellie said. In 1973, at 18, she left Belize to attend nursing school at the University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio. Until then, she said, she had never seen a television in person, used a phone or flown on a plane. “It was, needless to say, culture shock,” she said. In 1976, she met Ron, who was stationed at Randolph Air Force Base outside San Antonio. (He is retired from the military and from his career as an air traffic controller.) In 1977, they married, and they have the playful banter of a couple who has been together for 40 years. Was it love at first sight? “No, oh no,” Nellie Biles said. “It was his good luck. ” Ron replied, “She’s still here, isn’t she?” When the adoption of Simone and Adria, now 17, became official in November 2003, the Bileses returned home from meeting with a family judge outside Houston. Nellie told the girls that they could continue to call her and Ron Grandma and Grandpa, or they could call them Mom and Dad. Simone has said that she went upstairs, practiced in the mirror, then came down and said “Mom. ” Nellie remembers Simone running back upstairs, probably giggling because it seemed funny. It was Mom from then on. “I think these girls did more for us than we did for them,” Nellie Biles said. “Simone centralized us as a family. We come together and do things and go places because of Simone. ” While on a   field trip, Simone became interested in gymnastics. Her relatives in Belize remember her from those days as “little Simone,” a tiny girl in perpetual motion, a “spring chicken” and “a firecracker. ” And they say she came to possess the same discipline, insistence, confidence and expectation as Nellie, the eldest sibling in her own family, who with three partners came to own 14 nursing homes in Texas before selling them last year and turning her attention to operating a gymnastics center. “She is Nellie’s child all over,” said Felix Enriquez, 47, Opal’s brother, who is scheduled to become the second in command in Belize’s ministry of defense. “A fair but stern personality. Always demanding that things be done in a proper way. A very big thinker. She doesn’t think small. ” Ron and Nellie Biles have lived in their current home in Spring, Tex. for six years. Ron, a native of Cleveland, said he had never been in the pool until he jumped in when the Cavaliers won the N. B. A. title in June, the city’s first major championship since 1964. Would he jump in the Atlantic in Rio if Simone won gold in the women’s individual all around? “I’ll probably just cry,” he said. Nellie said she would watch nervously in the arena, grabbing someone to hold onto. Here, at the hotel bar, there was little tension, only clapping and cheering except for during Simone’s wobble on the balance beam. “I was panicking at that one,” Felix Enriquez said. Not to worry. Biles had a huge lead, which she secured on the floor exercise with elegance, strength and the stunning ability to land like a dart. “Oh my God!” Simplis Barrow, Belize’s first lady, said, putting her hands to her face, pumping her fists, and photo bombing a family picture. “Woooh. ” “She has inspired us all,” Simplis Barrow said. “No matter where you come from, you can succeed. It is all right there in that small package. ”"
"title: Media Meltdown Over Kellyanne Conway Sitting on Oval Office Couch author: Jerome Hudson text: A photo of senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway sitting on a couch in the Oval Office, while taking photos of President Trump as he met with leaders of historically black universities and colleges, spurred outrage and debate on social media. [Leading the pack was Buzzfeed’s Deputy news director Jon Passantino, who said “Conservatives were pissed Obama put his feet on Oval Office desk. Watch their reaction tonight. ”  Shoes on the couch in the Oval Office pic. twitter.   —   Jon Passantino (@passantino) February 28, 2017,  Motherboard reporter Sarah Emerson‏ said the Conway couch photo made her want “to go to therapy. ” i have to go to therapy after seeing the kellyanne conway shoes on the couch pic,  —   Sarah Emerson (@SarahNEmerson) February 28, 2017,  Heat Street   Louise Mensch said Conway was classless. No class @KellyannePolls  —   mutton dressed as lamb, feet on the couch, don’t look at   leaders, your momma must be ashamed https:  .   —   Louise Mensch (@LouiseMensch) February 28, 2017,  Meanwhile some liberal journalists, including Mother Jones editor Ben Dreyfuss, argued that far worse things had been done on White House furniture. ”How dare Kellyanne Conway disrespect the Oval Office!”  —  People who rightfully defend Bill Clinton for getting a blow job in the Oval Office,  —   Ben Dreyfuss (@bendreyfuss) February 28, 2017,  WashPo’s Chris Cillizza concurred: The ’Kellyanne on the couch’ controversy is so incredibly dumb https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) February 28, 2017,  “This is all par for the Internet   police,” Cillizza wrote. Soon, social media was being inundated with several photos of President Barack Obama sitting on and placing his feet on the Resolute Desk. @KeithOlbermann Oops, Trump is probably too busy cleaning Obama’s shoeprints off the desk to explain to liberals why they’re insane. #nuts pic. twitter.   —   Jock Doubleday (@jockdoubleday) February 28, 2017,  Why trending  …    @USATODAY pic. twitter.   —   pete602 (@petefrt) February 28, 2017,  @CBSNews Decorum in the oval? Pres Bush always wore his jkt in the office Obama rolled up his sleeves and put his feet on the antique desk. pic. twitter.   —   Waukesha GOP (@WaukeshaGOP) February 28, 2017,  Lost in all the Conway faux fuss was President Trump’s important and historic meeting with leaders of historically black universities and college. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"title: Australian Gov’t Adopts ’Extreme Vetting’ for Islamic Migrants, Reforms Foreign Worker Visas - Breitbart author: Neil Munro text: The Australian government has taken the lead from President Donald Trump in the race to improve vetting of immigrants who may hold hostile Islamic attitudes, and to reform     programs like the     outsourcing visa. [“We’re defined by a commitment to common values, political values, the rule of law, democracy, freedom, mutual respect, equality for men and women,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told the media on Thursday, where he described the reformed vetting process:  our citizenship process should reflect that. So today we are announcing changes to strengthen citizenship, to make for a stronger Australia, stronger citizenship, stronger citizen   …      before you apply to be a citizen. You will need to have competent English. That is a vital requirement   …     also, we need to ensure that our citizenship test enables applicants to demonstrate how they have integrated into and engaged with our Australian community, so that they’re part of the community. They’ve lived here as a permanent resident for four years, they speak English, share our values, be integrated. Those are critically important elements. I believe that they will be empowering for applicants. This will be good for the applicants, good for the nation, underlining our Australian values at the very heart of Australian citizenship, Australian citizenship is the foundation of our democracy  …     these political values are what bind us together. That’s what keeps us together in the midst of our diversity. The new Australian push is a   from 2016, when Trump championed immigration reform in the United States, while Turnbull sought to stabilize his government after he staged an internal party vote in September 2015 to take the Prime Minister’s job from his own party’s leader, Tony Abbott, an immigration hawk who entirely blocked and stopped a seaborne wave of immigrants from reaching Australia. To some extent, Turnbull’s flip towards   position is designed to help his   wing of the party from Abbot’s   wing of the party, and from the growing support being given to Pauline Hanson‘s nationalist One Nation Party, which is skeptical about Islam’s ability to integrate into Australian society. In 2016 and before, Turnbull repeatedly endorsed immigration, invited additional refugees, and told the parliament in October 2016 that “everyone sitting in this chamber and every Australian is a beneficiary of the diversity that is at the heart of our nation   …     the most effective weapon against the [Muslim] terrorists is an inclusive nation. ” Amid rising violence and welfare use among immigrant Muslims, a September 2016 poll showed that half of all Australians want to block Muslim immigration, which is strongly supported by business groups which profit from the inflow of extra consumers and   workers. Turnbull’s minister for Immigration and Border Protection, Peter Dutton, told reporters at the press conference that   immigrants will have to take an upgraded written test: There will be further tests, further questions placed in the test as it currently operates, and there will be the opportunity for people to comment on some of these changes over the course of the next, over the course of the period between now and 1 June. So we will consult around the questions around the values issues and we can provide further detail. There is also change to be made to the pledge and, again, we’ll consult on that particular issue as well. So I’ll leave it there. For example, domestic violence, a perpetrator of domestic violence. My view is that that person shouldn’t become an Australian citizen. And we can ask that question but we can also undertake our own checks in relation to police checks or whatever the case might be. So that’s how you can adopt, apply the test. On the 2016 campaign trail, and in his Executive Orders since his inauguration, President Donald Trump has called for a new process of “extreme vetting”   refugees and legal immigrants  —   especially Muslim immigrants  —   into the United States. For example, his January 27 Executive Order on immigration declared that his policy would be to exclude people with “Hostile attitudes”: In order to protect Americans, the United States must ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles. The United States cannot, and should not, admit those who do not support the Constitution, or those who would place violent ideologies over American law. In addition, the United States should not admit those who engage in acts of bigotry or hatred (including “honor” killings, other forms of violence against women, or the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own) or those who would oppress Americans of any race, gender, or sexual orientation. The alliance of   judges, progressives, and Islamic political groups are fiercely opposing any new tests, even though the existing immigration and citizenship process already includes questions and tests designed to exclude people who were terrorists or members of the Nazi or Soviet communist parties. The current immigration document also includes a requirement stemming from the 1775 war of independence which requires immigrant aristocrats to formal give up their noble titles before becoming citizens. If U. S. immigrants lie in their documents, they can be stripped of their citizenship and repatriated. For example, U. S. officials have deported several immigrants who lied about their work for Adolf Hitler’s National Socialist party in World War II. U. S. officials have not said anything about the plans for upgrading the immigration tests and vetting, partly because Trump has not yet been able to get many of his   nominees confirmed by the Senate. But Homeland Security John Kelly may be a strong backer of an upgraded test, and told a D. C. audience on Tuesday that “we have a sacred duty and that is the continuation of the United States as we know it: To protect our way of life and the exceptional people we are. ” Australia’s reform government has an easier task than Trump, who must overcome roadblocks built by progressive judges, media and Democratic legislator and Democratic legislatures in a   federal government for 330 million people. In contrast, Australia’s parliamentary system allows a majority government to easily pass its agenda for the nation of 25 million people. Throughout the April 19 Australian press conference, the journalists and politicians tacitly recognized the problems created by the immigration of Islamic adherents who bring their peculiar institutions and values which endorse domestic violence against women, child marriage, ‘Female Genital Mutilation,’ and reject the authority of what Australians describe as “secular law. ” For example, one reporter cited several of Islam’s peculiar practices before asking “Prime Minister, I’m not clear why practices such as female genital mutilation, forcing children to marry and what have you, how they’re being or could be included in values questions when they’re already illegal under Australian law.  What’s the need for a values question when it’s illegal under Australians law, Australian law? that “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player] Another journalist scoffed at the test, saying “these values [in the test] aren’t really enforceable outside of the law. If someone passes a test and says, “Tick, yes I don’t beat my wife. Tick, I know who [cricket player] Don Bradman is. I’m an Australian citizen” And then they don’t express Australian values, what happens?” Turnbull pushed back, saying: But the point is, what [the current written test] doesn’t go to or doesn’t go to sufficiently are those questions of values and at the heart, at the very heart of our success is mutual respect respect for each other, respect for people of different faiths and different cultures and respect of women and children. That is, you know as I’ve, you’ve often heard me say this. You know, not all disrespecting women, disrespecting women ends up in violence against women but that’s where all violence against women begins. So this is a very important, very important Australian values respect, mutual respect, respect for women and children and that is going to be, that is a key Australian value, who would argue with that?  Is it reflected in our current process? No it’s not, it should be.  On April 17, Turnbull announced his party would reform the “457” visa program, which allowed Australian companies to bring in foreign workers for skilled and unskilled jobs throughout Australia. The 457 visa will be replaced by a narrower visa program that will only be used to bring in workers who cannot be found in Australia and who can integrate Australian society, he said. That push is also similar to Trump’s effort to revamp the unpopular     outsourcing program. Echoing Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” theme, Turnbull said that the goal os his reform is “Australian jobs for Australians first   …     this is all about Australians’ interst, this is about jobs for Australians. ” The new program will have a “  focus on Australia’s interests,” he said.  “We’re putting Australians first   …     Australian workers must have priority for Australian jobs,” he said.    This article has been updated with additional information about Australia’s rising support for nationalist policies.  Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com,  "
"title: World (or at Least Brooklyn) Stops for Lost Dog - The New York Times author: Andy Newman text: Bailey, a    goldendoodle, lived a placid, largely uneventful life on a block of handsome brownstones in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, until 7:15 on the morning of Oct. 24. That was when her owner leashed her to a metal chair outside Henry’s Local, a coffee shop on Henry Street, and went in for an iced latte. Another customer entered the cafe. Bailey, startled, jumped to the side. The chair crashed to the sidewalk. The noise spooked Bailey further. She bolted  —   down Henry Street, dragging the clattering chair behind her, with her owner, Orna Le Pape, in pursuit, yelling: “Bailey, stop! No! No!” Bailey ran diagonally through the intersection at Carroll Street. Then the chair snagged on something. Bailey broke free, leaving the chair and her leash and ID tags behind. She turned right at the When in Rome hair salon onto her block, President Street. She ran right past her house, and she kept going. Ms. Le Pape, 47 and fit but no match for a sprinting dog, lost sight of Bailey at the next corner, but   yelled directions: “She went that way!” Bailey went left and left again, toward the waterfront. When Ms. Le Pape got to Columbia Street, on the far side of the   Expressway, no one was on the street. She screamed Bailey’s name. She guessed at a direction to run. She passed people. No one had seen her. Gone. Every week, dozens of dogs and cats go missing in New York City. Their distraught owners put up signs. Some turn up alive. Some do not. Over the next few days, Bailey somehow became a phenomenon, a cause, and in her rarefied corner of Brooklyn and beyond, a social media star. Now it was around 7:30 on a Monday, a school and work day, though Ms. Le Pape, a psychotherapist, had no patients scheduled until evening. She ran home, got her car and began an aimless, frantic drive in search of the dog. She called home and told her    son to find photos of Bailey (a dog with a shaggy   coat, a chestnut beard and enormously long eyelashes) and start printing out fliers. She drove home, picked them up, walked to a nearby copy shop to make more and started posting them, crying all the while. Ms. Le Pape canceled sessions with her evening patients, citing a family emergency. All day, she wandered the tidy precincts known collectively as Brownstone Brooklyn. Up Columbia to Atlantic Avenue, down Hicks Street by the expressway, west to the factories and warehouses of Red Hook, swinging by the dog run beneath by the highway overpass. Everywhere Ms. Le Pape went, people seemed compelled to help. They asked for an extra flier so they could post it on Facebook, or make copies and tape them up elsewhere. They offered suggestions  —   call vets, call shelters, call animal rescue places, go to the police. “I went to the sanitation garage, down by the water, and the guy said, ‘I’m announcing this on roll call until they find her,’” Ms. Le Pape said. “I ran into absolute strangers who said they were going to church to pray for my dog. ” Ms. Le Pape spared no expense. For $149. 95 she registered with LostMyDoggie. com, which   1, 250 of her neighbors, alerting them to look out for Bailey. She printed over a thousand fliers. Omar at the copy shop would not take her money. In the evening, Ms. Le Pape became fixated on Brooklyn Bridge Park, a mile and a half north of her house  —   a quiet place to hide for a dog who hates loud noises. From 11:30 p. m. to 1:30 a. m. Ms. Le Pape and her mother, who had come out from Manhattan to help, wandered the deserted park, calling the dog’s name. Nothing. Tuesday: Day 2. Ms. Le Pape started getting calls from people who said they had seen Bailey the day before. She was able to reconstruct some of Bailey’s route: 7:30 a. m. on Monday near the Brooklyn Bridge, a mile and a half north of her house. Then a mile and a half southeast of the bridge at Nevins and Degraw Streets. At 10:30 p. m. on Monday, Bailey had been spotted on Henry Street, five blocks from her house, but running the wrong way. That first day she covered at least 4 miles, probably considerably more. Ms. Le Pape went to the city pet shelters in East Harlem and East New York, Brooklyn. Nothing. More acts of kindness. Near the Fairway supermarket in Red Hook a man flagged her down. “He said, ‘I see you’re offering a reward on your sign. I have the winery that’s down here  —   tell people the reward is they can come for a tasting and a tour. ’” It is not clear why the search for Bailey drew such an outpouring of support. Part of it may be that Carroll Gardens retains an intimate   feel. It certainly did not hurt that she was a particularly appealing dog. “I don’t know if the entire neighborhood would mobilize for an   dog,” Ms. Le Pape said. A cynic might wonder if class had anything to do with it. A friend of Ms. Le Pape’s had another theory. “She said, ‘At a time like this, when there’s so much turmoil going on around the election, here’s this story that everyone can latch on to and be on the same side. Everyone wants a lost dog found. ’” In the late afternoon, Ms. Le Pape’s mother noticed signs for a beagle named Edie, who lived three blocks from Bailey and had also run off while leashed to a chair on the same day as Bailey. “I thought it would be a great idea to join forces,” she said. She called one of Edie’s owners, Olly Smith. “I can’t talk right now,” he said. “I think we’ve just found our little dog’s body. ” Edie had been hit by a car on the   Expressway. At 4:30 a. m. on Wednesday, Ms. Le Pape was awakened by a dream: Bailey is downstairs, go downstairs. “I didn’t listen to the voice because it was crazy. ” In the morning, Ms. Le Pape went on Facebook. Under “Trending” (a list based on her location, her own social network and broader algorithms) the top topic was Bailey. Outside, she found dog poop on the sidewalk in front of the house. It appeared to be a few hours old. It looked like Bailey’s. “I thought, ‘What if I pick it up and took it to the vet and had them analyze it? ’” Ms. Le Pape recalled. “I was reaching for anything. ” Ms. Le Pape canceled her Wednesday appointments to continue the search. “We heard you have to do at least a   radius,” she said. In her part of Brooklyn, there are something like 1, 500 blocks within a   radius. At 10 p. m. on Wednesday evening, more than 60 hours after Bailey dashed off, Ms. Le Pape was riding a bike two neighborhoods from home, calling Bailey’s name, and her phone rang. “This woman is panting and puffing,” she recounted. “She says, ‘I’m following your dog, trying to stay with her. ’” Bailey was on Sackett Street, just a few blocks from home. Ms. Le Pape flew down Columbia Street. She ran into the woman: “She said, ‘I was trying to call you again  —   we lost her. ’” The phone rang again. Someone had just seen Bailey in Red Hook, on Van Brunt Street. And again: “I see your dog,” a man told her. Bailey was on Degraw Street, heading in the direction of home. Ms. Le Pape called her mother. “I just sort of screamed something to the effect of, ‘Everyone get downstairs! ’” Ms. Le Pape’s older son opened the door. There was Bailey, at the top of the stoop. She was starving and dehydrated. She had lost eight pounds. Her paw was bleeding. But she was intact. Ms. Le Pape and her mother began to notify everyone who had been helping with the search, including Edie’s grieving owner, Olly Smith. “This is the most wonderful news,” he wrote back. “We’re so, so happy for you all. ” Bailey has resumed her old life, with one notable change: the coffee place. “I still go there every day,” Ms. Le Pape said. “But without her. ”"
"title: Mildred Dresselhaus, the Queen of Carbon, Dies at 86 - The New York Times author: Natalie Angier text: Mildred Dresselhaus, a professor emerita at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology whose research into the fundamental properties of carbon helped transform it into the superstar of modern materials science and the nanotechnology industry, died on Monday in Cambridge, Mass. She was 86. Her death, at Mount Auburn Hospital, was confirmed by her granddaughter Leora Cooper. No cause was given. Nicknamed the Queen of Carbon in scientific circles, Dr. Dresselhaus was renowned for her efforts to promote the cause of women in science. She was the first woman to secure a full professorship at M. I. T. in 1968, and she worked vigorously to ensure that she would not be the last. In 1971, she and a colleague organized the first Women’s Forum at M. I. T. to explore the roles of women in science. Two years later she won a Carnegie Foundation grant to further that cause. “I met Millie on my interview for a faculty job in 1984,” said Lorna Gibson, now a professor of materials science and engineering. “M. I. T. was quite intimidating then for a new female, but Millie made it all seem possible, even effortless. I knew it wouldn’t be, but she was such an approachable intellectual powerhouse, she made it seem that way. ” Today, women make up about 22 percent of M. I. T. ’s faculty. “Millie was very straightforward, no frilly stuff, and I loved that about her,” said Jacqueline K. Barton, a professor of chemistry at the California Institute of Technology. “She was always warm and supportive to me, but I also had the feeling it was important to let her know about my last good experiment. ” Dr. Dresselhaus’s own story was one of struggle and perseverance. The daughter of impoverished Jewish immigrants from Poland, she grew up humbly in the Bronx, sometimes on public assistance, but excelled in school  —   winning scholarships, finding a mentor in a future Nobel laureate and earning advanced degrees at leading universities. This month, Dr. Dresselhaus found a measure of popular culture fame at the center of a General Electric TV commercial that boasts of a corporate commitment to hiring more women. In the ad, little girls play with Millie Dresselhaus dolls and dress up in Millie Dresselhaus wigs and sweaters. Parents name their newborn girls Millie, and journalists breathlessly seek the next Dresselhaus sighting. Dr. Dresselhaus appears in the commercial as well. “What if we treated great female scientists like they were stars?” the narrator says. “What if Millie Dresselhaus were as famous as any celebrity?” For its part, carbon is as capricious as any celebrity. It is the graphite of a pencil, worn down by a simple doodle. Arrayed in a   crystal, it is a diamond, the hardest substance known. Dr. Dresselhaus used resonant magnetic fields and lasers to map out the electronic energy structure of carbon. She investigated the traits that emerge when carbon is interwoven with other materials: Stitch in some alkali metals, for example, and carbon can become a superconductor, in which an electric current meets virtually no resistance. Dr. Dresselhaus was a pioneer in research on fullerenes, also called buckyballs:    cages of carbon atoms that can be used as drug delivery devices, lubricants, filters and catalysts. She conceived the idea of rolling a   sheet of carbon atoms into a hollow tube, a notion eventually realized as the nanotube  —   a versatile structure with the strength of steel but just one   the width of a human hair. She worked on carbon ribbons, semiconductors, nonplanar monolayers of molybdenum sulfide, and the scattering and vibrational effects of tiny particles introduced into ultrathin wires. She published more than 1, 700 scientific papers,   eight books and gathered a stack of accolades as fat as a nanotube is fine. Dr. Dresselhaus was awarded the National Medal of Science, the Presidential Medal of Freedom (bestowed by President Barack Obama) the Kavli Prize in Nanoscience, the Enrico Fermi prize and dozens of honorary doctorates. She also served as president of the American Physical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science and worked in the Department of Energy in the Clinton administration. “Every morning she’d leave the house at 5:30, the first car in the parking lot every day, and everyone she collaborated with she viewed as family,” said Ms. Cooper, Dr. Dresselhaus’s granddaughter, who is a graduate student at M. I. T. “Her life and her science were intertwined. ” She was born Mildred Spiewak on Nov. 11, 1930, in Brooklyn and raised in the Bronx, the daughter of the former Ethel Teichtheil and Meyer Spiewak. “My early years were spent in a dangerous, multiracial,   neighborhood,” she wrote in a biographical sketch. “My early elementary school memories up through ninth grade are of teachers struggling to maintain class discipline with occasional coverage of academics. ” For all the family’s financial hardships, Mildred and her older brother, Irving, became gifted violinists who won scholarships to music schools. From age 6 on, Mildred took the subway long distances on her own, burdened, as she recalled, with books and musical instruments as she stumbled down steps. When somebody told her about Hunter High School, the highly selective public school in Manhattan, she wrote away for old entry exams, studied them and then aced the test. There, her predilections were clear: “In math and science,” the yearbook declared, Mildred Spiewak is “second to none. ” After graduating she enrolled at Hunter College, where she intended to become a schoolteacher until she took an elementary physics class with Rosalyn Yalow, a future Nobel laureate, who urged her to consider a career in science. “She was a very domineering person,” Dr. Dresselhaus said in an interview in 2012. “She had definite ideas about everything. ” Dr. Yalow, she wrote in the biographical sketch, “became a lifelong mentor. ” Dr. Dresselhaus earned a master’s degree from Radcliffe College and a Ph. D. from the University of Chicago, where she studied under the celebrated physicist Enrico Fermi. She lived in his neighborhood, and every morning they would walk to the university together talking science. The conversations were thrilling, she said, and they kept her going through a grueling program from which 75 percent of the students dropped out. At Chicago she met Gene Dresselhaus, a fellow physicist, and married him. He survives her, as do her four children, Marianne, Carl, Paul and Eliot and, besides Ms. Cooper, four other grandchildren, M. I. T. said. Dr. Dresselhaus and her husband both ended up at M. I. T. in 1960, one of the few places willing to hire    scientists. There she worked at Lincoln Laboratory, a defense research center, where she was one of two women on a scientific staff of 1, 000. “We were pretty much invisible,” she later recalled. One reason Dr. Dresselhaus said she chose to study carbon was its relative unpopularity. “I was happy to work on a project that most people thought was hard and not that interesting,” she said. “If one day I had to be at home with a sick child, it wouldn’t be the end of the world. ”"
"title: Mexican Nationals Plead Guilty in International Sex Trafficking Ring author: Ryan Saavedra text: Eight defendants, including six Mexican nationals, forced young women and underage girls from Mexico and Latin America into prostitution in the United States. [The   Trafficking Organization operated as a   criminal enterprise that smuggled young women and girls into the United States for over a decade, according to a statement from the Department of Justice.  Prosecutors from the Eastern District of New York originally charged defendants Jovan   33, of Mexico Saul   39, of Queens Guillermina   46, of Mexico Francisco   28, of Queens Jose   34, of Mexico Felix Rojas, 47, of Mexico Odilon   45, of Mexico and Severiano   52, of Mexico in 2015. Law enforcement officers in the U. S. and Mexico simultaniously arrested the suspects in a   operation in November 2015. Between April 5 and April 21, 2017, all eight defendants pled guilty to, “charges of Racketeering involving predicate acts of sex trafficking by force, fraud, or coercion and sex trafficking of minors. ” In addition to the racketeering charges that all eight defendants pled guilty to, seven of the defendants pleaded guilty to additional charges. Court records indicate the   Trafficking Organization recruited girls from Mexico and illegally smuggled them into the United States. Once in the country, the girls were trafficked into New York and Georgia where the defendants forced them into prostitution as sex slaves. Jovan   Saul   Felix Rojas, Odilon   and Severiano   each pled guilty to “substantive offenses of sex trafficking by force, fraud, or coercion. ” Jose   also pleaded guilty to sex trafficking of a minor while Francisco   also pled guilty to “interstate transportation for the purpose of prostitution. ” The defendants admitted during plea proceedings that they recruited young women and girls from Mexico on “false promises,” smuggled them into the United States and forced them into prostitution. Members of this criminal enterprise used “used force, threats of force, fraud, deception, and coercion to compel them to engage in prostitution. ” The defendants laundered the profits they made from prostituting the young women and girls back to Mexico. Two of the defendants, Odilon   and Severiano   were also involved in a separate sex trafficking case in Northern Georgia in 2013. Odilon   received a   prison sentence in 2014 while Severiano   remained a fugitive until November 2015. “The Department of Justice is committed to bringing to justice anyone who engages in the abominable crime of human trafficking,” said Attorney General Sessions.  “The defendants, in this case, preyed on vulnerable young women and girls, and brought them to the United States with the sole purpose of subjecting them to degradation that no person should have to endure. ” In total, the defendants admitted to sex trafficking nine women and two minor girls. The defendants also forced a twelfth woman into prostitution. When sentenced, all eight defendants will face a maximum sentence of life imprisonment.   criminal organizations from Mexico can be found operating all throughout the United States. Breitbart Texas reported on Friday that authorities arrested and charged 17 alleged operatives for a Mexican drug cartel in Colorado. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra."
"title: A Chinese Mystery: Who Owns a Firm on a Global Shopping Spree? - The New York Times author: Michael Forsythe and Jonathan Ansfield text: Pingyang County’s verdant hills still hint at a   China. Rice paddies and villages surround its bustling towns, and in the fields, farmers wade into the mud to plant seedlings as they have for thousands of years. It is an odd place to find the people behind a Chinese corporate powerhouse that is turning heads on Wall Street with a global takeover binge. Yet the area is home to a tiny group of just such people  —     merchants and villagers who happen to control   stakes in the Anbang Insurance Group, which owns the Waldorf Astoria in New York and a portfolio of global names and properties. American regulators are now asking who these shareholders are  —   and whether they are holding their stakes on behalf of others. The questions add to the mystery surrounding a company that seemed to come out of nowhere, surprising deal makers with offers to pay more than $30 billion for assets around the world. Anbang’s shopping spree is part of an outflow of money from China that has reshaped global markets but has often been shrouded in secrecy, sometimes by prominent Chinese looking to shift their wealth abroad without attracting attention at home. That poses a problem for international regulators trying to identify the buyers behind major acquisitions and to assess the riskiness of these deals. The Anbang shareholders in the Pingyang County area hold their stakes through a byzantine collection of holding companies. But according to dozens of interviews and a review of thousands of pages of Anbang filings by The New York Times, many of them have something in common: They are family members and acquaintances of Wu Xiaohui, Anbang’s chairman, a native of the county who married into the family of Deng Xiaoping, China’s paramount leader in the 1980s and ’90s. In many ways, Anbang and Mr. Wu appear to be archetypal products of China’s mix of freewheeling capitalism and Communist Party dominance, a formula that has fueled nearly four decades of untrammeled growth. Anbang got its start as an auto insurance company in 2004 in the eastern Chinese city of Ningbo. For years it was only a minor player. But it took off as it became more aggressive with its finances, buying stakes in Chinese banks and bringing in money by selling     investment funds to ordinary Chinese. Mr. Wu, 49, a former car salesman and   antismuggling official, led Anbang through this transformation and is now known as one of China’s most successful businessmen. He wears tailored suits and polished loafers, hobnobs with the likes of Stephen A. Schwarzman of Blackstone, and sometimes holds court at Harvard. But he does not appear in Anbang’s filings as an owner. It is common in China for the wealthy to have their shares in companies held in others’ names. Known in Chinese as baishoutao, or white gloves, these people are often trusted relatives or acquaintances. Many defend the practice as a way to protect their privacy in a nation where riches can be a political liability. But others say white gloves can be used to hide   gains and thwart corruption investigators. Anbang did not respond when asked if Mr. Wu was a shareholder and declined to answer questions about its owners. The company, a spokesman said, “has multiple shareholders who have made all required disclosures under Chinese law. They are a mix of individual and institutional shareholders who made a commercial decision to invest in the company. Anbang has now grown to be a global company thanks to the support of these   shareholders. ” For investors and regulators, white gloves can make it difficult to evaluate the financial health of a Chinese buyer. Ownership may be concentrated in the hands of a few people, posing hidden risks, and companies with government connections could be vulnerable to political shifts or become magnets for corruption. “It is very important for businesses to know who they are ultimately doing business with, and for investors, what they are investing in,” said Keith Williamson, a managing director in Hong Kong at Alvarez  Marsal, a firm that carries out corporate fraud investigations. It is not clear whether the shareholders in the Pingyang County region are holding large stakes on behalf of anyone else. But on May 27, Anbang withdrew its application with New York State to buy an Iowa insurer, Fidelity  Guaranty Life, for $1. 6 billion. Regulators had asked about ties between several shareholders with the same family names, said one person briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity. A $6. 5 billion deal for a portfolio of hotels that includes the Essex House in New York and several Four Seasons locations is awaiting results from a security review by the American government. In March, Anbang withdrew a $14 billion bid for Starwood, the operator of Sheraton and Westin hotels, in a move that surprised Wall Street. The company could come under greater scrutiny as it prepares to sell shares in its life insurance business on the Hong Kong stock exchange next year. Already, at least one major New   investment bank has raised concerns about Anbang’s ownership after studying its shareholding structure to evaluate whether to help with its overseas deals, according to two people involved in the matter who asked not to be identified because the process was private. The bank did not participate in Anbang’s deals. Separately, the Chinese magazine Caixin reported in May that Chinese regulators were examining Anbang’s riskier financial products. It is unclear where that inquiry stands or whether Anbang’s ownership structure is being investigated. President Xi Jinping has waged a campaign against graft since taking office, and the use of white gloves has recently come under scrutiny. “White gloves are accompanied by power’s black hands,” the Communist Party’s disciplinary watchdog wrote in a report last year. Questions about Anbang’s owners come as Chinese companies make deals around the world  —   sometimes representing efforts by China’s powerful to move money out of the country, as the economy slows and the party tightens its grip on everyday life. China has encouraged some capital outflow to improve the performance of its investments and expand its influence. But the subject of the elite moving money overseas is politically sensitive, raising questions about the source of their wealth and their confidence in the Chinese economy. Luo Yu, the son of a former chief of staff of China’s military, said China’s most politically powerful families had been transferring money out of the country for some time. “They don’t believe they will hold on to power long enough  —   sooner or later they would collapse,” said Mr. Luo, a former colonel in the Chinese Army whose younger brother was a business partner with one of Anbang’s founders. “So they transfer their money. ” At its founding in 2004, Anbang had an impressive list of politically connected directors. Records show early Anbang directors included Levin Zhu, son of a former prime minister, and Chen Xiaolu, the son of an army marshal who helped bring Communist rule to China. Then there was Mr. Wu, who was born Wu Guanghui but was known as Wu Xiaohui from a young age. Relatives said he grew up in a Catholic family a crucifix sat on his aunt’s dining room table, and she wears a necklace with a portrait of the Virgin Mary. Mr. Wu married Zhuo Ran, a granddaughter of Deng, the Chinese leader who brought China out of the chaos of the Mao era. Together, Mr. Wu, Ms. Zhuo, Mr. Chen and their relatives owned or ran the companies that controlled Anbang, according to company filings. Anbang leapt onto the global stage with last year’s purchase of the Waldorf Astoria and its aborted bid for the Starwood chain. By this year, Anbang’s assets had swelled to $295 billion. It is not clear what prompted Anbang’s sudden interest in overseas assets. But the shift came after a reshuffling of its ownership structure that also led to the injection of more than $7. 5 billion into the company. Company documents filed with Chinese agencies show that the number of firms holding Anbang’s shares jumped to 39, from eight, over six months in 2014. Most of those firms received large injections of funds. At the same time, Anbang’s capital more than quintupled. Ms. Zhuo disappeared from the ownership records by the end of that year. Many of Mr. Wu’s relatives did as well. Mr. Wu and Mr. Chen had disappeared earlier from the records. Mr. Zhu, who does not appear to have owned shares, disappeared in paper filings from Anbang’s roster of directors by 2009, though he was listed as a director on online government filings as late as 2014. Mr. Wu, Mr. Chen and Mr. Zhu did not respond to requests for comment, and Ms. Zhuo could not be reached. In March, Mr. Zhu told Chinese reporters that he was not an Anbang director. Anbang’s current shareholding firms are not   names in China, and some appear to have been set up just to hold Anbang shares. One lists its address as the empty 27th floor of a dusty Beijing office building. Two more list an address at a mail drop above a Beijing post office. Using corporate filings, The Times compiled a list of nearly 100 people who own shares in the firms and traced about a dozen to Pingyang County or nearby. Reporters visited the area, in China’s eastern Zhejiang Province, and interviewed dozens of residents, including several whose names appeared on the list. They also interviewed an uncle, an aunt and a nephew of Mr. Wu. The latter two, as well as others in the area, said one name matched that of his sister, Wu Xiaoxia. The family members said several other names matched those of Mr. Wu’s extended kin, including two cousins and others on his mother’s side of the family. Through their various stakes in Anbang shareholding companies, these people control a stake representing more than $17 billion in assets. Other names matched local acquaintances of Mr. Wu, including Huang Maosheng, a local businessman who confirmed in a brief phone interview that he had a business relationship with Mr. Wu but declined to elaborate. One village leader and neighbors identified the names of four of Mr. Huang’s relatives  —   including some whom they described as common workers  —   from among those on the list. Their Anbang holdings represent about $12 billion in assets. Another resident, Mei Xiaojing, said two names on the list matched those of her relatives. Asked if she knew Mr. Wu, she said, “Well, yes,” then ended the phone conversation and did not respond to subsequent calls. Through multiple holding companies, those three people have a stake representing about $19 billion in Anbang assets. As Anbang rose, so did Mr. Wu’s profile. In 2013 Mr. Wu secured a yearlong position as a visiting fellow at the Asia Center of Harvard, joining a growing list of politically connected Chinese billionaires with ties to Harvard. Ezra F. Vogel, a professor emeritus at Harvard who wrote a biography of Deng, said he met Mr. Wu on several occasions. “He had this staff of sharp people who were working for him,” Mr. Vogel said. “It seems that they were doing the detail work, and he was the friendly man supplying the connections. ”"
"title: Pat Caddell: Trump White House ’Looks like Fort Apache Under Attack’ by Media, Political Class author: John Hayward text: Veteran political strategist Pat Caddell talked about the American Health Care Act (AHCA) and its possible effect on the 2018 midterm elections with SiriusXM host Matt Boyle on Monday’s Breitbart News Daily. [“All these smart people in Washington, who have not understood politics for some time, these are the same people who said, ‘Well, it wouldn’t hurt the Democrats. The country will love it,’” Caddell said of conventional media wisdom about Obamacare at the time of its passage.  LISTEN: “Then we had several elections, and now we’re saying, ‘Oh, of course, the Republicans are doomed,’” he continued, referring to predictions that as many as 20 House Republicans could be facing tougher   campaigns in 2018 because of the AHCA. “No, they’re not. It depends on what they do,” Caddell argued. “So far, I’ll tell you as a fairly competent person, I have no idea what’s in this bill. That’s because, other than the talking points, the headlines thrown out by Trump administration and congressional people, I have no clue what’s in it. I don’t know how it answers the problems that have been raised. ” “But at the same time, the failure of the Republicans and the White House and the entire operation to set a narrative, made important what had to be done  —   to have ceded all of that ground to their opponents on the basis of, ‘Well, you know preconditions are going to be hurt, are going to be cut out of this, and we’re going to destroy Medicaid,’ whatever. To have conceded that ground is to have conceded a lot,” he continued.  “But I’m not sure the next election is going to be about health care, one way or the other,” Caddell added. “It depends on whether or not they can get something fixed, and whether or not people perceive that Donald Trump has kept his word, or whether this is just seen as another partisan battle. So I’m not so sure. ”  “I don’t see any great movement in the polls, in terms of party support for either party, since they’ve been doing this for several months or raising this. I’m somewhat skeptical. I think the election in 2018 is going to be on much larger grounds than merely a healthcare revolt. It may or may not work to Donald Trump’s benefit  —   we will yet see  —   or detriment. I think that we’re going to see some other things raised. But the single most important thing is the economy and what happens to it,” he predicted.  “Let me just add another thing: whether or not Donald Trump starts representing, in this White House, the voters who put him over the top,” he said, criticizing the Trump team for “failing to show much interest or clarity” in using their 2016 election victory to shape a new political majority. Caddell agreed with Boyle that House Speaker Paul Ryan was a major force pushing Trump in that conventional Republican direction. He said Ryan was the paramount example of what he calls “the Chamber of Commerce Republican Establishment party,” which was “slaughtered in 2016. ” Caddell said those establishment Republicans “managed to spark an uprising after the victory of the Republicans in 2014 and their immediate decision in December to go into conference and sell out everything the Republican candidates had campaigned on. ” “This group of people has never wanted Donald Trump. They don’t want Donald Trump now. The longer he keeps letting them stab him in the back, which is what’s happening  —   whether it’s on this, it’s what’s happening at the FCC, on privacy rights,” he warned.  “And by the way, where is Donald Trump taking on the massive disaster of the airlines in this country?” Caddell asked. “Nowhere! They leave so much hanging. Partly it’s because I fear it’s because they failed to have an organizing principle of this White House. They are then susceptible to their quote ‘allies’  —   enemies!  —   who want to push their agenda, an agenda that the American people have never wanted. That is a real danger. ” Caddell faulted the Trump administration for failing to use “the bully pulpit of the White House” to influence America’s political culture, with the healthcare debate serving as an acute example. With a caveat about how polling has become unreliable because much of it is conducted by universities, and university polls can no longer be conducted in a truly unbiased manner, he said he doubted the level of energetic support for the House Obamacare replacement bill exceeded 25 percent. “How did they get in that fix? And most of all, how did they do it when, in fact, the market, I think, is collapsing?” he marveled. “Part of the problem is there is no place for ordinary people, or even sophisticated people, to go to find out what the truth is. All we’re getting is propaganda from MSNBC and CNN, the mainstream media. We don’t have enough places for people to go and sort the facts, and it certainly isn’t coming out of the House leadership. ” Boyle noted the White House could spend more time touting its successes, such as achieving the lowest unemployment figure last month in more than a decade. Caddell responded that he did not want to “start throwing around unemployment numbers” he was denouncing as “cooked, in the sense that they no longer reflect the real reality of what unemployment is” last year. “Those people who cannot get   work and whatever, that number is still higher, and we shouldn’t repeat the mistake the Obama people and the Bill Mahers of the world” made by overemphasizing the importance of the headline unemployment figure. “This is still not a good economy. It’s getting better,” he pronounced. “But it’s Trump’s opportunity. That, and standing up for people, and shaking Washington to its foundations. That’s why I said something like the airlines. The entire reason our airline industry is so much worse than Europe is because everyone in Washington has been bought off by these people, including those pathetic congressmen I saw question witnesses last week, who complain about their own trips but do nothing about it because they get too much money. ” “When he starts draining the swamp, rather than inviting the swamp to eat him, then he will begin to turn this,” Caddell advised. “But I have to stay it. It’s just a true statement: this White House has no strategy. They could have done   things in health care, gotten a bill passed with two things: how about dealing with drug prices, and also allowing interstate competition? Just laying a marker down would have been good. ” “Doing the same thing on tax reform by taking away the hedge fund money, proving he’s not going to be the pawn of these big billionaire rich people  —   I mean, Trump needs to take charge,” he continued. “They could get successes, but they won’t, as long as they allow themselves to be led by their enemy allies. ” Boyle suggested some of President Trump’s problems stemmed from the enormous permanent bureaucracy, which is prone to undermining dramatic reforms. He said there were some hopeful signs that Trump is beginning to make progress against this obstacle. “I agree with you, Matt. It’s not lost. It’s just got to be kind of frustrating because already, things should be happening,” said Caddell. “I’ll tell you, I don’t mean to be just critical because they have done good things,” he added. “And they are surrounded. Remember, they’re at war with an entire political class. The White House sometimes looks like Fort Apache under attack. I mean, the Indians are everywhere. ” “We have a national media that is literally proving itself to be the enemy of the American people, and it will not put out any news that is true or factual that will help Trump,” he said, accusing the media of banding together “in such negativity to undermine him. ”  “Then you have the political class itself, which are the lobbyists, lawyers, money of both the Republican Party and the Democratic Party  —   who are united because they so desperately need to go back to normal, to further their corruptions,” he added. “Trump needs to strike the high ground. This is the most unique challenge a president has ever had. He has got to figure the unique ways to do it. I think they’re capable of it, but so far, somebody needs to tell them they’re not doing it,” Caddell said. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. Listen to the full audio of the interview above."
"title: Donald Trump, Colombia, Fidel Castro: Your Wednesday Briefing - The New York Times author: Patrick Boehler text: Good morning. Here’s what you need to know: • The Trump administration took shape. The Transportation Department, the focus of   Donald J. Trump’s pledge to spend billions on infrastructure, will be led by Elaine Chao. Ms. Chao is a former labor secretary and is married to the Senate’s top Republican, Mitch McConnell. Tom Price, a   Republican congressman from Georgia who is a chief critic of President Obama’s health care initiative, will oversee its future. Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner who has worked in hedge funds and Hollywood finance, is Mr. Trump’s expected choice for Treasury secretary. _____ • Mr. Trump, who has been communicating with the public through social media rather than news conferences, proposed two unconstitutional measures in a single tweet: forbidding the burning of the American flag, a right under free speech, and stripping the culprit of citizenship. _____ • Austria could elect Norbert Hofer, above, as the first   head of state in   War II Europe on Sunday, in what could be yet another victory for populists on the Continent. As support for   parties is rising across Europe, new research suggests that people have become more critical of democracy. “The warning signs are flashing red,” one scholar said. And another tectonic shift is coming to the European order: leaders are increasingly seeking to accommodate a resurgent Russia. _____  • The ferocious offensive in eastern Aleppo, in Syria, has forced some 16, 000 people to flee for their lives in the last few days, a United Nations official said. Leaflets warned inhabitants: “If you don’t leave these areas quickly you will be annihilated. ” John O. Brennan, the C. I. A. director, accused Russia of “disingenuous” negotiating tactics in Syria in an interview with the BBC. He also warned that scrapping the Iran nuclear agreement would be “the height of folly. ” _____ • A handful of people survived after a plane crashed outside Medellín, Colombia, killing many members of Chapecoense, a Brazilian soccer team, and journalists traveling with them. Plane crashes can be uniquely devastating when a sports team is on board. Here’s a look at other crashes, including one that involved the Manchester United team in 1958. _____ • Our correspondent returned to the Egyptian port city of Alexandria to find a place where despair had displaced the hope and anticipation of the 1960s. The country’s parliament endorsed a law regulating nongovernmental organizations that human rights groups say effectively bans their work. _____ • The price of oil fell ahead of today’s OPEC meeting, where the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran may sink a possible agreement to curb production for the first time in eight years. • Volkswagen has failed to reach a settlement with some American customers over its emissions scandal. A hearing set for today has been postponed to  . • Drug regulators in the U. S. approved   clinical trials to study MDMA, the illegal party drug better known as Ecstasy, as treatment for   stress disorder. • The Bank of England said that the outlook on Britain’s financial stability “remains challenging. ” The Royal Bank of Scotland failed a stress test. •  Here’s a snapshot of global markets. • Germany arrested an employee of its domestic intelligence agency. The man is accused of posting Islamist messages online and sharing secrets. [Reuters] • The Five Star Movement, the Italian party campaigning against changes to the country’s Constitution in a referendum on Sunday, has been tied to online outlets that spread conspiracy theories. [BuzzFeed] • The Islamic State claimed the attack on Monday at Ohio State University, calling the   American student, seen here in a recent photo, who ran over people with a car and knifed others “a soldier. ” [The New York Times] • Britain’s new surveillance law took effect. It requires web and phone companies to store a year of personal browsing data to which the authorities will have unprecedented access. [The Guardian] • A former youth coach has been charged with eight counts of child sexual assault over a scandal that has shaken English soccer. [The New York Times] • A vast arched shelter slid into place over the Chernobyl nuclear disaster site in Ukraine, intended to protect against any additional spewing of toxic material for a century. [The New York Times] • The U. S. and China overtook Russia in space launches this year. [Moscow Times] • Leave or be driven out: Residents of coastal villages in Alaska are grappling with difficult decisions on how and when to relocate in the face of flooding and erosion linked to climate change. The state is warming twice as fast as the rest of the United States, pushing it to the forefront of adaptation. • Die Antwoord, the confrontational South African   musicians, have become something entirely unexpected: Hollywood. • Germany, the land of beer, riesling and schnapps, has gone gin mad. • The Times first prepared a report on the death of Fidel Castro in 1959. It has since cost us more hours than any other obituary we’ve ever run. • And at a moment when technology has made cultivating relationships easier, but also shallower, one writer considers the importance of true friendships. We told you last week about Lee   a deaf South Korean tennis player who is ranked 143rd in the world, a notable achievement in the sport’s professional era. But a keen reader informed us that more than 100 years ago, a British player who lost her hearing was also a champion. Charlotte Cooper Sterry was a rising star at a time when female players wore dresses and used wooden rackets. Her style of attacking the net and serving overhand were rare then. A year after winning her first Wimbledon title in 1895, she went completely deaf  —   why is not clear. But Ms. Sterry won the tournament (it was for amateurs only back then) four more times as well as an Olympic gold medal in 1900. Ms. Sterry played into her 40s and died in 1966 at age 96. Her achievements were soon eclipsed in history by players like Helen Wills Moody of the United States, who also won many Wimbledon titles, including four consecutively from 1927 to 1930. In that stretch, she lost just one set at the tournament: in 1927 to Ms. Sterry’s daughter. “Who is this Miss Sterry?” a Times article reported stunned spectators asking. An agitated man revealed the older Ms. Sterry’s feats. He added, “Look up your records, you ignorant scriveners. ” Sean Alfano contributed reporting. _____ Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings. What would you like to see here? Contact us at europebriefing@nytimes. com."
"title: T.J. Miller: Role of Comedy Changed with ’This Motherf***er in the White House’ author: Daniel Nussbaum text: Actor and   comedian T. J. Miller believes that the roles of entertainers have changed drastically with the election of President Donald Trump. [In an interview with the Wrap this week, the Silicon Valley star  —   whose first HBO   special, Meticulously Ridiculous, premiered Saturday  —   said his whole approach to his craft has changed now that Trump, whom he called “this mother***er in the White House,” was elected in November.  “It used to be different  —   before it was, ‘What is absurdist?’ Then this mother***er in the White House totally changed everything for everyone,” the    actor told the outlet. “Immediately after the election, Kumail Nanjiani was walking around the set of Silicon Valley saying, ‘Everything’s changed now  —   standup, everything.’ Now, I have a political obstacle to a social mission, and the f*ckery that must be dealt with,” he added. Miller has previously spoken out against the president during his hosting gig at the Critics’ Choice Awards in December, the actor joked that trolls did well in 2016, “not the movie, but the dudes on the Internet,” adding: “One of them got elected president. ” Miller also stood on an actual “soap box” for a segment about how celebrities should stick to doing their jobs instead of trying to opine on politics. “All I want to do is talk about what’s going on in the world, but the problem is, I hate when celebrities get on their soap box,” Miller said. “Just do your act. Don’t tell the rest of us how to think, O. K.?” A few days before the awards show, the Office Christmas Party actor was arrested after allegedly slapping an Uber driver during what was reported to be an argument between the two about    Trump. While a large number of Hollywood stars have taken their political activism to new heights since Trump’s election, not every celebrity believes it is the obligation of entertainers to discuss political topics. A number of celebrities, including Mark Wahlberg, Billy Joel, and Kevin Hart have said explicitly in the past that they prefer to stay away from talking about their personal politics.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"title: Donald Trump Signs Bills Assisting Law Enforcement: ‘We Are Behind You 100 Percent’ author: Charlie Spiering text: President Donald Trump signed two bills on Friday assisting law enforcement officers, vowing to back the community “100 percent. ”[“We are here today to reaffirm our unbreakable support for the American heroes who keep our streets, our homes, and our citizens safe, and they’ve been doing an amazing job under very adverse conditions,” Trump said during a signing ceremony at the White House.  Trump signed the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Improvement Act, a bill to help streamline benefits for disabled officers and the families of fallen officers. “For too long, injured officers have suffered, and the children of fallen officers have put their dreams of college on hold while bureaucracy delayed crucial benefits, made it impossible for their families,” Trump said. “No longer. It’s unacceptable, and it’s going to end today. ” Trump also signed the American Law Enforcement Heroes Act, a bill allowing federal grants to help military veterans transition to careers in law enforcement. “America is proud of our veterans, and I think I can say a double proud or a triple proud,” he said. Referring to his decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, Trump joked that the two bills he signed Friday were “slightly less controversial than yesterday. ” Several members of the law enforcement community joined Trump in the Diplomatic Reception Room for the signing ceremony, including representatives from the Fraternal Order of Police and the National Sheriffs’ Association. Law enforcement officers from Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio, California, and Virginia were also present. “When a home is threatened, when danger visits our doorstep, when innocent lives are on the line, Americans turn to their courageous officers of law enforcement because we know they are here to serve and to protect us all,” Trump said, thanking them."
"title: The Billionaire Who’s Building a Davos of His Own - The New York Times author: Alessandra Stanley text: In a   conference room at Stanford University, a score of scholars, many of them eminent and some from as far away as Johannesburg and Beijing, gathered last month to compare philosophical notions of hierarchy and equality. The gathering itself had no overt hierarchy, though one participant seemed a little more equal than the others. When Nicolas Berggruen spoke, no one interrupted. Only he occasionally checked his phone. And at dinner, the guests received fruit tarts for dessert  —   except for Mr. Berggruen, who was served chocolate mousse. Mr. Berggruen, 54, is an investor and art collector who was once known as the “homeless billionaire” because he lived in itinerant luxury in   hotels. Now he is grounded in Los Angeles where he presides over a bespoke think tank, the Berggruen Institute. The institute is a striking example of how wealthy philanthropists are reshaping the landscape with smaller versions of the foundations established by Bill Gates and George Soros. Sean Parker, one of the entrepreneurs behind Napster and Facebook, has a research institute, The Parker Foundation, which this month pledged $250 million for cancer immunotherapy. He is also a   of the Economic Innovation Group, which labels itself an “ideas laboratory. ” Tom Steyer, who made his fortune as a hedge fund manager in California, has several environmental nonprofit groups, and last year created the Fair Shake Commission to redress economic inequality. “There is a generation of new donors who have huge assets, and their own ideas, and think traditional think tanks are ” said James G. McGann, the director of the Think Tanks and Civil Societies Program at the University of Pennsylvania  —   a think tank that thinks about think tanks. In a   culture where tweets, not position papers, shape the national conversation, these kinds of   “are likely to be more influential than we are,” Mr. McGann said. Mr. Berggruen stands out because he is a   but   player at the nexus of wealth and rumination who is also a bit mysterious  —   a Gatsby who shows up at his own parties. “I am a person who likes to engage in learning,” Mr. Berggruen said, in an accent reflecting his Parisian upbringing and dual German and American citizenship. The next step was “to see if I can produce some ideas,” he said. Mr. Berggruen’s investment company, Berggruen Holdings, is registered in the British Virgin Islands and his charitable trust is based in Bermuda. The institute bankrolls several conferences a year, and Mr. Berggruen attends almost every session, takes careful notes and sometimes even appears to dress the part. At a dinner for philosophy scholars at the Stanford Park Hotel in March, he wore a dark blazer and a crisp white shirt unbuttoned to his sternum, the signature look of the French celebrity philosopher   Lévy. There are conflicting views about this kind of endeavor. “One of the delights of philanthropy is that it isn’t programmed, it is scattershot, with so much room for idiosyncratic choices,” said Karl Zinsmeister, author of “The Almanac of American Philanthropy. ” He cited the example of Daniel Guggenheim, who championed the rocketry pioneer Robert Goddard in the 1930s when he was widely dismissed as a crackpot. “Of course there is a high percentage of waste,” Mr. Zinsmeister said, “but that’s how discovery works. ” Others worry, though, that at least some of these initiatives are vanity projects. Mr. Berggruen’s institute “seems like a   of his creation,” McGann said, referring to the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland  —   the Ascot of conferences for the global elite. Mr. McGann publishes an annual report on the world’s top think tanks, ranking them in more than 50 categories. The Berggruen Institute is not included in any of them. Mr. Berggruen happens to be a Davos habitué, but his institute has a more eclectic mandate. Besides philosophy, he has spent time and money on efforts to reform the California budget. He has established councils to study European integration and China. The Berggruen Institute will award an annual $1 million prize in philosophy beginning this year. It is presently funding six Berggruen academic fellowships to China and other places, and it has selected 16 others for the   academic year. Mr. Berggruen says he bought more than 400 acres in Brentwood, Calif. and has commissioned the renowned Swiss architecture firm Herzog  de Meuron to design his institute’s headquarters. Craig Calhoun, who is leaving the directorship of the London School of Economics this summer, was appointed president. Mr. Calhoun said his mandate was to “deepen the conversation. ” Mr. Berggruen has a gift for networking. “He knows everyone,” said his friend Stefan Simchowitz, an art dealer. At the philosophy conference in Stanford, he hosted a conversation about artificial intelligence with Antonio Damasio, a neuroscientist who heads the Brain and Creativity Institute at the University of Southern California, and Reid Hoffman, a   of LinkedIn. Mr. Hoffman met Mr. Berggruen through a mutual friend who mentioned Mr. Berggruen’s interests in California governance and Chinese philosophy. “I said, ‘Yeah, that’s interesting. Let me meet him,’” Mr. Hoffman recalled. The luminaries listed on the institute’s advisory boards are the kind who pop up at White House state dinners or on Barry Diller’s yacht: Arianna Huffington,   of The Huffington Post the SpaceX founder Elon Musk Tony Blair, the former British prime minister Francis Fukuyama, the Stanford professor and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. “I’m not really involved anymore, but I like Nicolas,” Ms. Rice said in a phone interview. She served on the Think Long Committee for California, a brain trust Mr. Berggruen assembled in 2010 to address the state’s budget crisis. Mr. Berggruen makes it easy for even very busy people to lend their prestige. He foots the bills, booking guests in luxury hotels and sometimes ferrying them on his private jet. In workshops, he asks the kind of   questions that politicians, intellectuals and billionaires like to answer. Last November, Mr. Berggruen convened former prime ministers and other eminences in Beijing to discuss the future of China. Upon the group’s arrival in Beijing, the roads were cleared for their motorcade to the Great Hall of the People for a meeting with President Xi Jinping. Orville Schell, a China scholar at the Asia Society in New York and an adviser to the Berggruen Institute, said that Mr. Berggruen gained access to Chinese leaders because he focused on philosophy and culture, not politics and human rights, and noted that his approach was “astute. ” It also helped that Mr. Berggruen did not appear to have a business agenda. “In some ways he is a thinking man’s Donald Trump,” Mr. Schell said. “He doesn’t want anything from anybody, except to be of consequence. ” While Mr. Berggruen has arrived, even in his early days he wasn’t exactly an arriviste. His father, Heinz Berggruen, was an art dealer who fled the Nazis in 1936, romanced Frida Kahlo in New York and befriended Picasso in Paris. The younger Mr. Berggruen attended Le Rosey, an exclusive Swiss boarding school, and studied finance at New York University, but he says he began investing as a teenager, borrowing a few thousand pounds from a friend to buy stocks. Forbes estimates his fortune to be about $1. 5 billion. Last year, Town  Country magazine named him one of the world’s 50 most eligible bachelors. And last month, he became a bachelor father. Or, as he put it when asked who the mother is: “Me. I am the mother and the father. ” Mr. Berggruen has two newborns, a boy and a girl, born three weeks apart to different surrogates and conceived using eggs from two donors. Single fatherhood has now tethered him to Los Angeles, he said, but not too tightly: He bought the apartment one floor down for the children and their nannies. Since 2015, his institute has been funded by his   charitable trust. He says it has a $1 billion endowment. Foreign status means that Mr. Berggruen forfeits United States tax breaks but can give away money as he chooses. Bermuda has almost none of the restrictions or disclosure rules that bind American nonprofits. In the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, Mr. Berggruen said, he began to question his life’s purpose. That led him, in 2010, to hire professors from the University of California, Los Angeles, to tutor him in philosophy. Brian Walker, a political science professor and expert in Chinese philosophy, was one of those. Professor Walker would discuss Plato and Confucius with Mr. Berggruen over lunch in his suite at the Peninsula Hotel. “It was sort of a surreal setting, but he always did the reading and asked good questions,” Mr. Walker said. “I found him a little mysterious. He didn’t invite personal confidences. ” Mr. Berggruen is courteous and even courtly: In restaurants, he stands when his date leaves the table. But he isn’t a schmoozer. His Stanford conference ran from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m. with little time for small talk. At the philosophy dinner, he asked that his guests discuss harmony and freedom in the East and West. He was playful, but only on topic. “I am going to say something that will make all of you want to kill me,” he said, bringing conversation and forks to a halt. “The West is absolutist, India is pluralist, and China is  —   and I don’t mean this in a negative way  —   conformist. ” Mr. Berggruen spoke proudly of the work his Think Long Committee did to address California’s deficit, including supporting Proposition 31, which among other things would have barred lawmakers from creating expenditures over $25 million without finding the money for them. Mr. Berggruen spent more than $1 million to get the proposition on the ballot. The initiative was voted down in 2012. Think Long was on the winning side, though, of a 2014 measure to make ballot initiatives more transparent. Kathay Feng, executive director of California Common Cause, which supported the measure, said that she didn’t recall the Berggruen Institute’s adding much to policy ideas, but that it did help finance legal advisers and recruit experts. “I wouldn’t say it was deep thinking,” Ms. Feng said, “but he did bring in some very   individuals. ” In 2010, Mr. Berggruen took the Giving Pledge  —   which has become a kind of social register for   philanthropists  —   joining billionaires who have promised to give away more than half of their fortunes. But he is not a spendthrift. He is a trustee of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and tax records show that in 2014 he gave the museum $100, 000, the minimum annual gift required many give double that amount, or more, according to two trustees. That year, Mr. Berggruen gave U. C. L. A. $4, 750. Mr. Berggruen says he wants to nurture innovative thinking, not just donate to causes. His institute, he said, is “not just a   operation it’s an ideas and   operation. ” Several scholars say that Mr. Berggruen’s interdisciplinary approach to philosophy is refreshing in an academic world that can be siloed. Kwame Anthony Appiah, a philosopher at New York University, said he attended a Berggruen event because it gave him a chance to talk to experts about Confucianism, which is not his primary field of study. “I can’t say whether it’s the best use of his money,” Professor Appiah said. “I can only consider whether he is making the world better or worse, and in this case I would have to say, better. ”"
"title: How the Obama Coalition Crumbled, Leaving an Opening for Trump - The New York Times author: Nate Cohn text: It is entirely possible, as many have argued, that Hillary Clinton would be the   of the United States if the F. B. I. director, James Comey, had not sent a letter to Congress about her emails in the last weeks of the campaign. But the electoral trends that put Donald J. Trump within striking distance of victory were clear long before Mr. Comey sent his letter. They were clear before WikiLeaks published hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee. They were even clear back in early July, before Mr. Comey excoriated Mrs. Clinton for using a private email server. It was clear from the start that Mrs. Clinton was struggling to reassemble the Obama coalition. At every point of the race, Mr. Trump was doing better among white voters without a college degree than Mitt Romney did in 2012  —   by a wide margin. Mrs. Clinton was also not matching Mr. Obama’s support among black voters. This was the core of the Obama coalition: an alliance between black voters and Northern white voters, from Mr. Obama’s first win in the 2008 Iowa caucuses to his final sprint across the   Midwestern Firewall states where he staked his 2012   bid. In 2016, the Obama coalition crumbled and so did the Midwestern Firewall. The countryside of Iowa or the industrial belt along Lake Erie is not the sort of place that people envision when they think of the Obama coalition. Yet it was an important component of his victory. Campaign lore has it that President Obama won thanks to a young, diverse,   and metropolitan “coalition of the ascendant”  —   an emerging Democratic majority anchored in the new economy. Hispanic voters, in particular, were credited with Mr. Obama’s victory. But Mr. Obama would have won   even if he hadn’t won the Hispanic vote at all. He would have won even if the electorate had been as old and as white as it had been in 2004. Largely overlooked, his key support often came in the places where you would least expect it. He did better than John Kerry and Al Gore among white voters across the Northern United States, despite exit poll results to the contrary. Over all, 34 percent of Mr. Obama’s voters were whites without a college degree  —   larger in number than black voters, Hispanic voters or   whites. He excelled in a nearly continuous swath from the Pacific Coast of Oregon and Washington to the Red River Valley in Minnesota, along the Great Lakes to the coast of Maine. In these places, Mr. Obama often ran as strong or stronger than any Democrat in history. In 2016, Mr. Trump made huge gains among white   voters. It wasn’t just in the places where Democratic strength had been eroding for a long time, like western Pennsylvania. It was often in the places where Democrats had seemed resilient or even strong, like Scranton, Pa. and eastern Iowa. It was a decisive break from recent trends. White voters without college degrees, for the first time, deviated from the national trend and swung decidedly toward the Republicans. No bastion of white,   Democratic strength was immune to the trend. For the first time in the history of the two parties, the Republican candidate did better among   whites than among affluent whites, according to exit poll data and a compilation of New York   News surveys. According to exit polls, Mr. Trump did better than Mr. Romney by 24 points among white voters without a degree making less than $30, 000 a year. He won these voters by a margin of 62 to 30 percent, compared with Mr. Romney’s narrow win of 52 percent to 45 percent. In general, exit poll data should be interpreted with caution  —   but   polls show a similar swing, and the magnitude of the shifts most likely withstands any failings of the exit polls. Mrs. Clinton’s profound weakness among Northern white   voters was not expected as recently as six months ago. She was thought to be fairly strong among the older white   voters who were skeptical of Mr. Obama from the start. Most of Mr. Obama’s strength among white voters without a degree was due to his gains among those under age 45. But Mr. Trump expanded on Republican gains among older   white voters, according to Upshot estimates, while erasing most of Mr. Obama’s gains among younger Northern white voters without a degree. His gains among younger   whites were especially important in the Upper Midwest. Young white   voters represent a larger share of the vote there than anywhere else in the country. Mr. Obama’s strength among them  —   and Mrs. Clinton’s weakness  —   was evident from the beginning of the 2008 primaries. Mr. Trump’s gains among white   voters weren’t simply caused by Democrats staying home on Election Day. The Clinton team knew what was wrong from the start, according to a Clinton campaign staffer and other Democrats. Its models, based on survey data, indicated that they were underperforming Mr. Obama in   white areas by a wide margin  —   perhaps 10 points or more  —   as early as the summer. The campaign looked back to respondents who were contacted in 2012, and found a large number of white   voters who had backed Mr. Obama were now supporting Mr. Trump. The same story was obvious in public polls of registered voters. Those polls aren’t affected by changes in turnout. The best data on the effect of turnout will ultimately come from voter file data, which will include an   account of who voted and who didn’t. Most of this data is only beginning to become available. But the limited data that’s already available is consistent with the story evident in the   polling: Turnout wasn’t the major factor driving shifts among white voters. The   data in North Carolina, where nearly all of the state’s jurisdictions have reported their vote, shows that the turnout among white Democrats and Republicans increased by almost the exact amount  —   about 2. 5 percent. The same appears to be true in Florida. Nationally, there is no relationship between the decline in Democratic strength and the change in turnout. Mr. Trump made gains in white   areas, whether turnout surged or dropped. The exit polls also show all of the signs that Mr. Trump was winning over Obama voters. Perhaps most strikingly, Mr. Trump won 19 percent of white voters without a degree who approved of Mr. Obama’s performance, including 8 percent of those who “strongly” approved of Mr. Obama’s performance and 10 percent of white   voters who wanted to continue Mr. Obama’s policies. Mr. Trump won 20 percent of   liberal white   voters, according to the exit polls, and 38 percent of those who wanted policies that were more liberal than Mr. Obama’s. It strongly suggests that Mr. Trump won over large numbers of white,   voters who supported Mr. Obama four years earlier. The notion that Mr. Trump could win over so many people who voted for Mr. Obama and who still approved of his performance is hard to understand for people with ideologically consistent views on a traditional   spectrum. Mr. Trump, if anything, was Mr. Obama’s opposite. But the two had the same winning pitch to white   voters. Mr. Obama and his campaign team portrayed Mr. Romney as a plutocrat who dismantled companies and outsourced jobs. The implication was that he would leave   jobs prey to globalization and corporations. The proof of Mr. Obama’s commitment to the working class and Mr. Romney’s callousness, according to the Obama campaign, was the auto bailout: Mr. Obama protected the auto industry Mr. Romney wrote “Let Detroit Go Bankrupt” in The New York Times. There was one place where Mr. Romney was able to effectively argue that he could protect the industrial economy and the people who worked in it: coal country. There he made big gains after the Obama administration pushed   policies that would reduce the production and use of coal. In retrospect, the scale of the Democratic collapse in coal country was a harbinger of just how far the Democrats would fall in their old strongholds once they forfeited the mantle of   interests. Mr. Trump owned Mr. Obama’s winning message to autoworkers and Mr. Romney’s message to coal country. He didn’t merely run to protect the remnants of the industrial economy he promised to restore it and “make America great again. ” Just as Mr. Obama’s team caricatured Mr. Romney, Mr. Trump caricatured Mrs. Clinton as a tool of Wall Street, bought by special interests. She, too, would leave workers vulnerable to the forces of globalization and big business, he said. According to Mr. Trump’s campaign, the proof of his commitment to the working class wasn’t the auto bailout but the issue of trade: Mr. Trump said free trade was responsible for deindustrialization, and asserted that he would get tough on China, renegotiate Nafta and pull out of the   Partnership  —   two trade agreements that Mrs. Clinton supported or helped negotiate (she later rejected the   deal). Like Mr. Obama, Mr. Trump ran against the establishment  —   and against a candidate who embodied it far more than John McCain or Mr. Romney did. The various allegations against Mrs. Clinton neatly complemented the notion that she wasn’t out to help ordinary Americans. Taken together, Mr. Trump’s views on immigration, trade, China, crime, guns and Islam all had considerable appeal to white   Democratic voters, according to Pew Research data. It was a far more appealing message than old Republican messages about abortion,   marriage and the social safety net. None of this is to say that changes in turnout didn’t help Mr. Trump at all. It’s just not the reason he made such large gains among white   voters. There was no relationship between the change in Democratic support and the change in turnout, or the change in turnout and Democratic strength. But the Democrats did have a turnout problem in November. It wasn’t a broad Democratic turnout problem. It was a black turnout problem. The turnout probably increased among all major groups of voters  —   Hispanics, white Democrats, white Republicans  —   except black voters. The conclusive data is available in the Southern states where voters indicate their race on their voter registration forms, and they point toward a considerable decline in black turnout. In Georgia, the black share of the electorate fell to 27. 6 percent from 29. 9 percent, and in Louisiana it fell to 28. 5 percent from 30. 1 percent, according to the completed state turnout data. The data is not yet final in North Carolina, but the black share of the electorate looks unlikely to reach 21 percent of voters  —   down from 23 percent in 2012. The data is even less complete in Florida, but there too it appears that black turnout will fall by a similar amount  —   perhaps to 12. 7 percent of voters from 14 percent. In all of these states, the black share of the electorate is still poised to be higher than it was in 2004. It just wasn’t as high as it was with Mr. Obama at the top of the ticket. Young black voters appear to be a key driver of the decline. They registered at a lower rate than they did ahead of the 2012 and 2008 presidential elections, causing the black share of registered voters to dip. And those who were registered turned out at a far lower rate than black registrants did four years ago. The data is not so authoritative elsewhere in the country, but it tells a similar story. Turnout dropped by 8 percent in the majority black wards of Philadelphia, while rising everywhere else in the city. The turnout in Detroit fell by 14 percent. Turnout fell in other industrial centers with a large black population, like Milwaukee and Flint, Mich. It’s hard to know just how much of this is lower black turnout instead of black population decline  —   the census can struggle to make population estimates in places with a declining population  —   but the turnout certainly dropped faster than the reported population decline. Taken in totality, it appears that black turnout dropped somewhere between 5 percent and 10 percent  —   with few exceptions. It should be noted that the decline in black turnout appears very consistent across the country, regardless of whether states put in new laws that might reduce turnout, like those cutting early voting or requiring a photo ID. Was the decline in black turnout enough to change the result of the election? It seems so. If black turnout had matched 2012 levels, Mrs. Clinton would have almost certainly scratched out wins in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. Florida and North Carolina would have been extremely close. But pinning Mrs. Clinton’s loss on low black turnout would probably be a mistake. Mr. Obama would have easily won both his elections with this level of black turnout and support. (He would have won Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin each time even if Detroit, Cleveland and Milwaukee had been severed from their states and cast adrift into the Great Lakes.) Perhaps more important, the Clinton campaign’s models and public polls all assumed lower black turnout  —   and still showed Mrs. Clinton on track for victory. The Clinton campaign believed it could compensate for the loss of the Obama coalition by winning the   “rising American electorate” or “coalition of the ascendant” of   voters and Hispanic voters  —   a caricature of the Obama coalition. These demographic shifts have benefited Democrats over the last decade, but most of these gains have come in noncompetitive states. This year, the exit polls again exaggerated the importance of   and Hispanic voters. Last time, it was said that these voters won the election for Mr. Obama  —   and this time that they lost it for Mrs. Clinton. According to the exit polls, Mrs. Clinton fared a tad worse among white voters  —   but much worse among Hispanic,   and black voters than Mr. Obama. And those polls said she didn’t win   white voters, as many   polls indicated. But the preliminary Upshot analysis of voting returns, census and   polling data suggests that Mrs. Clinton was stronger among   white and nonwhite voters than the exit polls imply. It is important to emphasize that these estimates are preliminary. They will change over the next few years with more data from the Census Bureau and additional polling. But it nonetheless paints an alternative picture that’s more consistent with the actual results,   polls and the consensus of academics and campaign analysts on the electorate. The Upshot estimates suggest that Mrs. Clinton really might have become the first Democrat to win white voters with a college degree (although it is very possible that Mr. Obama did so in 2008 as well). Mrs. Clinton’s gains were concentrated among the most affluent and   white voters, much as Mr. Trump’s gains were concentrated among the   and   white voters. She gained 17 points among white postgraduates, according to Upshot estimates, but just four points among whites with a bachelor’s degree. There was a similar pattern by income. Over all, she picked up 24 points among white voters with a degree making more than $250, 000, according to the exit polls, while she made only slight gains among those making less than $100, 000 per year. These gains helped her win huge margins in the most   and prosperous liberal bastions of the new economy, like Manhattan, Silicon Valley, Washington, Seattle, Chicago and Boston. There, Mrs. Clinton ran up huge margins in traditionally liberal enclaves and stamped out nearly every last wealthy precinct that supported the Republicans. Scarsdale, N. Y. voted for Mrs. Clinton by 57 points, up from Mr. Obama’s   win. You could drive a full 30 miles through the leafy suburbs northwest of Boston before reaching a town where Mr. Trump hit 20 percent of the vote. She won the affluent   suburbs of Seattle, like Mercer Island, Bellevue and Issaquah, by around 50 points  —   doubling Mr. Obama’s victory. Every   Republican enclave of western Connecticut, like Darien and Greenwich, voted for Mrs. Clinton, in some cases swinging 30 points in her direction. Every precinct of Winnetka and Glencoe, Ill. went to Mrs. Clinton as well. Her gains were nearly as impressive in affluent Republican suburbs, like those edging west of Kansas City, Mo. and Houston north of Atlanta, Dallas and Columbus, Ohio or south of Charlotte, N. C. and Los Angeles in Orange County. Mrs. Clinton didn’t always win these affluent Republican enclaves, but she made big gains. But the narrowness of Mrs. Clinton’s gains among   voters helped to concentrate her support in the coasts and the prosperous but safely Republican Sun Belt. It left her short in     suburbs, like those around Philadelphia, Detroit and Tampa, Fla. where far fewer workers have a postgraduate degree, make more than $100, 000 per year or work in finance, science or technology. A similar divide may have helped obscure whether Mrs. Clinton improved among Hispanic voters, a question addressed in depth by Harry Enten at FiveThirtyEight. Mrs. Clinton was expected to excel among Hispanic voters, because of Mr. Trump’s proposals to deport undocumented workers, his plans to build a wall along the Southern border and his inflammatory comments about Mexican immigrants. The   polls generally showed Mrs. Clinton poised to make good on that possibility. But the exit polls show a marked decrease in Democratic strength, with Mrs. Clinton winning just 66 percent of the Hispanic vote, down from Mr. Obama’s 71 percent in 2012. Mrs. Clinton plainly fared worse than Mr. Obama in many heavily Hispanic areas  —   like South Texas or South Colorado. Our estimates suggest that Mrs. Clinton did about the same as Mr. Obama among Hispanic voters over all. The estimates hint at a potential explanation for the results in some heavily Hispanic areas: Mrs. Clinton may have faltered among Hispanic voters without a high school degree, while making gains among those with some college education or better. Nationwide, Mrs. Clinton’s success in reviving the elements in the caricature version of the Obama coalition really did let her compensate for losses among black voters and   whites. She won the popular vote. But it did not do nearly enough good in the decisive battleground states."
"title: Border Numbers Up 31 Percent in One Month as ’Catch and Release’ Continues author: Bob Price text: The apprehension of illegal border crossers by Border Patrol agents jumped 31 percent in May from the previous month. The jump follows a   decline in apprehensions after the election of President Donald Trump. The increase comes as Border Patrol agents report “catch and release” programs are quietly continuing. [While still down significantly from the peak in October 2016, Border Patrol agents apprehended 14, 535 illegal immigrants along the southwestern U. S. border with Mexico in May. That number is up from the   low number of 11, 126 reported in April. Since 2014, the number of apprehensions has increased from April to May.  The numbers of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) jumped a startling 50 percent from April to May (997 to 1, 493). During the same period, Family Unit Alien (FMUA) apprehensions jumped by 41 percent from 1, 118 in April to 1, 577 in May. Of the nine Border Patrol sectors along the U. S. southwest border, the Rio Grande Valley (RGV) Sector continues to lead in the numbers of total apprehensions, accounting for nearly half of the 46, 183 apprehensions since October 1, 2016. The next closest sector is the Tucson Sector at 5, 925. The RGV sector also leads in UAC and FMUA apprehensions. So far this year, 4, 082 UACs have been apprehended in South Texas while 8, 718 FMUAs were apprehended. The El Paso Sector came in second place in both UAC and FMU apprehensions (621 and 1, 482 respectively).  Border Patrol agents believe the resurgence can be attributed to the Trump Administration’s quiet continuation of the Obama “catch and release” program, Breitbart Texas    Brandon Darby and investigative journalist Ildefonso Ortiz reported. “Obama’s catch and release is definitely continuing and our government is releasing illegal aliens into U. S. communities,” Border Patrol agent Brandon Judd told Breitbart Texas in his capacity as president of the National Border Patrol Council. “The steps taken for such releases have slightly changed and the numbers are not as high, but it is still occurring. Under Trump, ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] is holding more illegal aliens than what they did under Obama, but make no mistake, ICE is still releasing a good number of illegal aliens into U. S. communities. Americans need to know this. ” Agents previously expressed feeling betrayed by the new president’s administration after Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly appointed Kevin McAleenan as head of the U. S. Customs and Border Protection, the parent agency of the U. S. Border Patrol. “He nominated this guy .. the problem is that this guy was hired by Barack Obama and was made deputy of [CBP] and all of the things we fought against on the border happened under this guy’s watch and he would have been the one responsible for implementing them. That’s DACA, DAPA and Catch and Release. ” Darby said in a Pursuit of Happiness interview referring to some programs started under the Obama Administration. “This is the guy who was picked by Barack Obama to enact Barack Obama’s open border policies,” Darby explained. “This guy for some reason has been picked by Trump to be the boss of the border patrol agents who did so much and believed so much in Donald Trump. ” Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook."
"title: Warren Buffett and Dan Gilbert Unite in Bid to Acquire Yahoo - The New York Times author: Michael J. de la Merced text: Yahoo appears to be making progress in efforts to sell itself, despite some initial skepticism. The latest piece of evidence: Among those vying for the company is the unusual combination of the investor Warren E. Buffett and Dan Gilbert, the founder of Quicken Loans and owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers. That consortium is one of several suitors that have moved into the second round of bidding for Yahoo, according to people briefed on the matter. Mr. Gilbert is leading the bid, said the people, who were not authorized to speak publicly. Mr. Buffett’s conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway, is offering to provide financing, as he has done with the investment firm 3G Capital in its takeovers of H. J. Heinz and Kraft, and is leaving the negotiations to Mr. Gilbert, according to the people. The unusual presence of Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Buffett in the bidding suggest just how far Yahoo and its advisers have cast their net to find potential buyers for the embattled Internet company. The two are joined in the second round by a range of other bidders, including Verizon Communications and private equity firms such as TPG Capital and a group that comprises Bain Capital and Vista Equity Partners, people briefed on the process have previously said. Several other strategic bidders are also in the second round. Yahoo declined to comment. Representatives for Quicken Loans and Berkshire did not return requests for comment. The companies in the second round of bidding are seeking to buy one of the   names in Silicon Valley  —   though one that ceded a longtime hold on the Internet to younger rivals like Google and Facebook. Repeated efforts to reinvent itself, led by a string of chief executives, including the company’s current leader, Marissa Mayer, have failed to take hold. As Yahoo and its bankers canvassed for preliminary bids, the company received criticism, including from some prospective bidders and from the activist hedge fund Starboard Value, over the state of the sales process. Yet Yahoo can point to progress. It settled a looming board fight with Starboard, offering the investment firm four director seats. One of those is held by Starboard’s chief executive, Jeffrey Smith, who now sits on the special board committee overseeing the potential sale. Yahoo executives, including Ms. Mayer, and advisers have been sitting down with bidders in the second round, furnishing those suitors with additional details. Among them is Mr. Gilbert, who built his   fortune with the financial empire. But he is also an active investor in his own right, having taken stakes in a number of online  . Yahoo would be orders of magnitude larger than those other technology investments and significantly more troubled. But Mr. Gilbert’s consortium, like other bidders, has been interested in the   digital footprint that the company possesses, including its popular finance and sports sites. Backing him is his friend Mr. Buffett  —   who has long spoken of his aversion to technology companies, outside of an investment in IBM. But the role of Berkshire in the Gilbert bid would be financial, and Mr. Buffett’s conglomerate would collect interest from its financing with the opportunity to convert those holdings into an equity stake in the company. Both men are familiar with Yahoo in other ways. Mr. Buffett turned to Yahoo Finance for the   live stream of the    session at Berkshire’s annual shareholder meeting on April 30. And one of Berkshire’s directors is Susan L. Decker, a former president of Yahoo. Providing advice to the Gilbert consortium are the former senior Yahoo executives Dan Rosensweig, who is now chief executive of the education company Chegg, and Tim Cadogan, now the head of the online advertising platform OpenX. Neither has expressed interest in rejoining Yahoo, one of the people briefed on the matter said. Mr. Buffett and Mr. Gilbert have another  —   albeit more troubled  —   tie to the Internet company. In 2014, Berkshire, Quicken Loans and Yahoo briefly united to offer a “Billion Dollar Bracket Challenge” tied to the NCAA basketball tournament that year, though the contest was called off and devolved into a morass of lawsuits. Reuters previously reported the existence of Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Buffett’s bid, while Recode reported the presence of Mr. Rosensweig and Mr. Cadogan as advisers to the group."
"title: More Women in Their 60s and 70s Are Having ‘Way Too Much Fun’ to Retire - The New York Times author: Claire Cain Miller text: Kay Abramowitz has been working, with a few breaks, since she was 14. Now 76, she is a partner in a law firm in Portland, Ore.  —   with no intention of stopping anytime soon. “Retirement or death is always on the horizon, but I have no plans,” she said. “I’m actually having way too much fun. ” The arc of women’s working lives is changing  —   reaching higher levels when they’re younger and stretching out much longer  —   according to two new analyses of census, earnings and retirement data that provide the most comprehensive look yet at women’s career paths. Over all, the paths look much more like men’s careers than they used to. Women are more likely than in previous generations to work at almost every point in their lives, including in their 20s and 30s when they often used to be home with children. Now, if mothers take breaks at all, it’s often not until their late 30s or early 40s  —   and those who leave are likely to return to the labor force. Most striking, women have become significantly more likely to work into their 60s and even 70s, often full time, according to the analyses. And many of these women report that they do it because they enjoy it. The data adds a bright chapter to the narrative of women’s progress in the world of work. Even though their participation in the labor force in the United States has flattened in recent years, and as mothers especially face serious challenges, women are working more than ever and getting fulfillment, not just income, from their jobs. Nearly 30 percent of women 65 to 69 are working, up from 15 percent in the late 1980s, one of the analyses, by the Harvard economists Claudia Goldin and Lawrence Katz, found. Eighteen percent of women 70 to 74 work, up from 8 percent. This rejection of retirement is more common among women with higher education and savings, though not confined to them. Those who are not working are more likely to have poor health and low savings, and to be dependent on Social Security and sometimes disability benefits, Ms. Goldin said. Of those still working, Ms. Goldin said, “They’re in occupations in which they really have an identity. ” She added, “Women have more education, they’re in jobs that are more fulfilling, and they stay with them. ” (Ms. Goldin happens to be an example of the phenomenon, as a    professor and researcher.) Men’s employment after age 60 has also risen, since about 1994, but not as steeply as women’s. About 60 percent of men 60 to 64 work, and just over half of women in that age range do. The two new studies draw their data from the Health and Retirement Study at the University of Michigan and from the Current Population Survey and the Survey of Income and Program Participation at the Census Bureau. The data included surveys that tracked the same women over time in some cases, the researchers studied respondents’ income tax and Social Security records. Women now in their 60s and 70s were the first generation to become professionals in large numbers, but that doesn’t explain all of the increase in older women who work, which began in the late 1980s. For some women, the decision to keep working was unexpected and not necessarily welcome, because of    divorce, pension or real estate losses, or changes in Social Security. A recent paper by the economists Annamaria Lusardi and Olivia S. Mitchell examined women who were working into old age because they had more debt than in previous generations and lacked financial savvy. Older workers who lost their jobs during the financial crisis were more likely to be unemployed long term  —   especially women, in part because their résumés tended to be spottier. But most of the time, Ms. Goldin and Mr. Katz found, women are working longer because of decisions they made much earlier in their lives  —   to get an education and spend years building a career. If people work when they’re younger, economists say, they’re more likely to work when they’re older. And because women are marrying and having babies later, they spend more time pursuing careers first. That means that even if they take breaks to care of children, they are likely to return to work and to work past a typical retirement age. Children had no effect on working later in life, the analysis found. The same thing is happening among women in their 60s in most developed countries, according to data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. The most telling discovery here, according to the Harvard researchers, was that women who enjoyed their jobs earlier in life were employed longer, independent of their education or earnings. When asked if they had enjoyed their jobs six to eight years earlier, 85 to 90 percent of women ages 59 to 63 said they had. College graduates are more likely to work into older age. Of women born between 1945 and 1949, about 50 percent in all education groups were working at age 64, compared with 60 percent of college graduates. But the participation rates of women without degrees are increasing at roughly the same pace. Diane Tavoian, 64, left college at 21 and worked hourly customer service jobs in manufacturing, in the military and most recently at the post office. She briefly tried retirement at age 61, but it didn’t last long: “It was just plain boring,” she said. She is now a barista at Starbucks and finishing her bachelor’s degree through the company’s tuition coverage program. “The money is nice, of course, but I did it because I found I could not just stay at home,” said Ms. Tavoian, who lives in Covington, Tex. “I really like the fast pace of it, and I like showing the younger baristas that a frail old lady cannot just keep up with them but pass them by. ” Lee Ann Monfredini, 68, got her real estate license at age 53 after a career in hospital   and nonprofit consulting she was out of the work force for several years when her children were young. “I feel 40,” said Ms. Monfredini, a broker in San Francisco. “I play bridge once a week and have lunch with women, but I’m really not that good at the retirement thing. And I love the joy of getting that big commission check. ” There is just one period of life when women are less likely to be working than in previous generations: their late 30s and early 40s, according to the other new paper, by Ms. Goldin and Joshua Mitchell, a senior economist at the Census Bureau. Starting with women born in the   more worked at ages 25 to 34 than at ages 35 to 44. Among   women born between 1965 and 1969, 82 percent worked at ages 40 to 44, compared with 85 percent of women in that age group who were born decade earlier. The decrease in participation is small but noticeable, and is linked to having children. The dip is happening later than it once did because people are having babies later, and because the most recent generations of mothers tend to keep working after their first child is born. The proportion of mothers who quit after their first birth decreased to 19 percent in the early 2000s, from 28 percent in the 1980s, the new research found. “They try as hard as they can they don’t leave after the first kid or when they’re infants or toddlers,” Ms. Goldin said. “They leave later on. ” There are several reasons for that decrease in participation, economists have found: the long hours expected in the American workplace inflexibility on where and when work gets done elder care responsibilities and the lack of paid parental leave,   work and affordable,   child care. It’s too early to know, but the evidence indicates that even these women are likely to go back to work and to work longer, particularly if they have degrees, Ms. Goldin said. Helen Young Hayes managed $50 billion in investments at a mutual fund in Denver while raising five children. She missed spending more time with them  —   she watched videos of them after they went to bed  —   and five children were a lot of work. So, at 41, she stopped working. A decade later, she returned to the work force, starting a corporation to match   people with careers. The idea grew out of volunteer work she had done during her time away. “I just have too much energy and too much intensity to not be engaged,” said Ms. Young Hayes, 54. Working for 20 years before she left made   easier, she said. “It gave me the confidence to realize there were no limits to my career. ”"
"title: As Anger at O’Reilly Builds, Activists Use Social Media to Prod Advertisers - The New York Times author: Michael M. Grynbaum and Sapna Maheshwari text: In this age of rage, Madison Avenue is finding itself on red alert. Advertisers are increasingly in the cross hairs of populist activists  —   aided by the power and reach of social media  —   who are demanding that brands quickly take sides on divisive social and political issues, posing a new challenge to corporations that usually prefer to stay out of the fray. After a groundswell of online anger over reports that Bill O’Reilly, the Fox News host, had settled with at least five women who accused him of harassment, more than 50 companies pulled their ads from Mr. O’Reilly’s popular prime time program. The exodus followed similar campaigns to pressure brands with ties to President Trump, like L. L. Bean, Uber and advertisers on “The New Celebrity Apprentice. ” “Americans are now demanding that their brands articulate their values and weigh in on political issues, and I think the degree to which they are expecting that is really quite new,” said Kara Alaimo, who teaches public relations at Hofstra University and worked in communications for the United Nations, the Treasury Department in the Obama administration, and the administration of former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg. “What social media is doing is forcing companies to make these decisions much more rapidly. ” Ad boycotts are not new: provocateurs like Don Imus and Glenn Beck lost their cable news soapboxes in part because an angry public used petitions and   campaigns to force companies to drop their sponsorship. But the   culture of social media has accelerated the process to such a degree that corporations may find themselves besieged in hours by tens of thousands of online critics. Just this week, Pepsi was excoriated for a   commercial that invoked the imagery of populist protest to sell soft drinks. A Twitter post from the Rev. Bernice King, the daughter of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. that mocked Pepsi was reposted more than 140, 000 times. Within roughly 24 hours of the release of the ad, Pepsi pulled it and apologized. The rapidity of this cycle has tested even the   marketing giants, creating a niche for public relations specialists who say they can help companies navigate these instant social media storms. One firm offers software and training sessions that simulate “a   online attack” on a brand  —   the corporate equivalent of war games. The boycotts may give brief satisfaction to social media activists. But many of the sponsors that turned away from Mr. O’Reilly this week are still advertising on Fox News, which reaches the biggest audience on cable television. Fox says it is working with sponsors to address any concerns about “The O’Reilly Factor. ” And specialists say there will be little to no financial impact on the network in the near future, though that could change over time. Brian Wieser, a media analyst at Pivotal Research, said that for now, Fox News was essentially just shuffling inventory  —   “not unlike if you run a store and have got to figure out what shelf on which you put different products. ” In the short term, the fallout could eat into revenue for “The O’Reilly Factor” as cheaper commercials replace   brands, Mr. Wieser said, while the   worry is that advertisers could reassess the annual budgets they spend on Fox News. Even if the effect is more symbolic than financial, there is little question that social media have proved to be potent weapons. Since November, a Twitter account called Sleeping Giants has pressured brands into removing ads that appear on Breitbart News, the conservative news and opinion website with close ties to the Trump administration. The group, which posts screenshots of advertising on Breitbart, says it has influenced hundreds of brands  —   citing Kellogg, Warby Parker and Allstate  —   to block ads from appearing on the site. Sleeping Giants, whose proprietors have remained anonymous, extended its mission this week, urging its roughly 81, 000 followers to post images on Twitter of allegations about Mr. O’Reilly to a list of advertisers. The account has then praised companies that decided to pull sponsorship. Vulnerability to that kind of online backlash is the flip side of a   coin for major brands, which have spent years pursuing consumer engagement on social media. These days, big companies may try to talk like teenagers, using slang terms like “bae” and “on fleek” on their corporate accounts, or participate in viral trends like “the mannequin challenge,” an online video craze. But social media are also handy conduits for people to register their anger with brands  —   directly and en masse. “The intensity of this is a lot greater,” said Matthew Hiltzik, a former Democratic consultant who draws on his experience in   political campaigns to advise corporate clients. “Companies need to invest time and resources in developing proactive strategies that advance and protect the brand, so that they are best prepared to deal with the unexpected. ” Weber Shandwick, the public relations firm, created a simulation software and training tool called “Firebell” in 2010 to prepare clients for social media maelstroms. Its website describes a new strain of crisis “made up of a string of critical ” which can “gain momentum and mass at  . ” Firebell, introduced as one facet of responding to a crisis, is now central to the firm’s crisis management training, a spokesman said. Brands are particularly concerned that they can be unaware of where their messages are showing up until angry consumers come calling. In recent months, news outlets and activists have discovered prominent companies inadvertently financing a wide range of objectionable material online through automated ad placement, including sites that traffic in fake news and racist and   videos on YouTube. The pressure represents some whiplash for an industry that had broadly moved away from relying on content as a rough proxy for groups of people, focusing instead on targeting online ads, and to a lesser extent, television ads, by audience size, browsing habits and other user characteristics. Orkin, a   company that removed its ads from “The O’Reilly Factor,” does not buy ads on specific shows but instead purchases “broad day parts on networks that reach our target audience,” Martha Craft, a spokeswoman, said. The company added Mr. O’Reilly’s show to a “Do Not Buy” list after learning of the allegations against him, she said. This year, consumers pushed brands to distance themselves from “The New Celebrity Apprentice” because Mr. Trump remained an executive producer of the show. That effort stemmed from #GrabYourWallet, a   social media campaign that urges boycotts of companies selling   products. “We haven’t seen brands almost treated as individuals in this way before, and expected to espouse political beliefs and uphold them consistently across platforms in everything they do,” Ms. Alaimo said. Many companies are still figuring out how to cope with these situations, she said, adding that it was crucial to respond during “the golden hour of crisis. ” The term refers to the “golden hour” in emergency medicine  —   the window after a traumatic injury in which treatment is most likely to stave off death or permanent damage. Marc S. Pritchard, the chief brand officer at Procter  Gamble, the world’s biggest advertiser, has overseen global marketing for the company since 2008. He said that when he started in the role, one of the first items on his agenda was working with the media team to “renew our standards” for television and radio ads. “There were some issues where some of the content was becoming objectionable to a large portion of our consumers, whether it was too much graphic violence, too much either sex or sexual innuendo,” Mr. Pritchard said in an interview at an industry conference this week. He said that while the media landscape has radically shifted since then, his company maintains the same standards for where its ads should appear. “I was once told, very early back in my marketing career, your brands are judged by the company they keep,” he said."
"title: Donna Brazile: Democrats Are Not Overreaching With Russia-Trump Questions - Breitbart author: Pam Key text: Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile said she did not think the Democrats were “overreaching” with their questions about the Trump campaign’s role in Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  Brazile said, “First of all, I don’t think the Democrats are overreaching. I mean this is about the integrity of our democracy  —   democratic process. It’s about what happened in 2016. To suggest, as Donald Trump constantly put out, that somewhere or a no, this is sour grapes, this is not sour grapes. This is about the country being attacked by a hostile foreign government and Donald Trump basically only caring about himself. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"title: U.S. Presidential Race, North Dakota, NASA: Your Friday Evening Briefing - The New York Times author: Andrea Kannapell and Sandra Stevenson text: (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. North Korea conducted its fifth and most powerful underground nuclear test, demonstrating that the U. S. policy of “strategic patience” had failed to deter the North Korean leader, Kim  . President Obama said, “The United States does not, and never will, accept North Korea as a nuclear state. ” But some experts say the U. S. has little choice. _____ 2. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both responded to the nuclear test. Mrs. Clinton, who met with national security advisers, said it was time to expand sanctions and broaden a   program in neighboring countries. Mr. Trump sought to connect the test to Mrs. Clinton, saying: “It’s just one more massive failure from a failed secretary of state. Failed at everything. ” Mr. Trump also spoke to the Values Voters Summit in Washington, one of the largest audiences of social conservatives he’s addressed. He steered clear of divisive topics like abortion and Israel. Bill Clinton has begun vigorously defending himself and the Clinton Foundation, rankled by the increasing scrutiny of his marquee focus since leaving the presidency. “If creating jobs and saving lives is bad,” he said this week, “I guess you can zing me with it. ” _____ 3. Our analysis of new national data shows that murder rates rose last year in 25 of the country’s 100 largest cities. But half of the increase came from just seven cities: Chicago, Baltimore, Cleveland, Houston, Milwaukee, Nashville and Washington. Each appears to have unique circumstances contributing to the uptick. But even in those cities, murder rates remain much lower than they were in the ’90s, as they are across the country. _____ 4. Ambitious? New evidence shows that, these days, if you’re aiming to get a job as a top executive, it pays to get experience in as many of a business’s functional areas as possible. “Work used to be much more hierarchical, and in many instances rote,” one expert said. Now, he said, it’s “become incredibly  . ” _____ 5. A federal ruling cleared the way for the Dakota Access oil pipeline to be laid near a Native American reservation in North Dakota, disappointing hundreds of tribal members and environmental activists protesting the project. But the Justice and Interior Departments and the Army released a statement almost immediately, saying the pipeline would not for the moment be allowed to be built under a dammed section of the Missouri River, the focal point of the protest. _____ 6. Two days before the 15th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, the House gave final congressional approval to a measure that would allow families of those killed to sue Saudi Arabia. President Obama is expected to veto the bill, to avert moves by other countries to allow individuals to file suit against the U. S. Above, Congress memorialized the attacks. About half a dozen    novels aimed at young readers have come out this year, trying to fill in the gaps for readers with no memory of the events. “Writers are feeling safer about writing about the subject, and also realizing, wait a minute, kids don’t know,” one publisher said. _____ 7. Overwhelmed police radios. Officers stepping over dead, wounded and dying people, desperate to find the attackers. A report containing the first official account of the aftermath of the Dec. 2 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. details chaos, some missteps and moments of heroism. All the wounded were evacuated to hospitals within 57 minutes of the first 911 call  —   and all survived. _____ 8. In theaters: “Sully,” which recreates Capt. Chesley Sullenberger’s miraculous landing of a plane in the Hudson River in 2009. Our reviewer finds the film unlike other Clint Eastwood films: “There’s no tragedy in ‘Sully,’ just sighs of relief, probing questions and an outwardly uncomplicated hero whose extraordinariness is so deeply imbued that it is finally the most ordinary thing about him. ” The reviews from investigators for the National Transportation Safety Board, who are portrayed as testy and    —   a technique to increase the film’s drama  —   have been less enthusiastic. _____ 9. In tennis, Novak Djokovic, above, defeated Gael Monfils, and Stan Wawrinka beat Kei Nishikori, earning a place in his first U. S. Open final. Djokovic and Wawrinka play Sunday afternoon. The women’s singles title will be decided Saturday, as Angelique Kerber faces Karolina Pliskova. Here’s our full coverage of the tournament. The N. F. L. ’s first   weekend is packed. There are 13 games on Sunday. Here’s our look at the top games  —   and who we think will win. _____ 10. Finally, a new space mission is underway. NASA’s   spacecraft was put into orbit around Earth by a rocket on Thursday, and then fired its engines to push it onto a path around the sun. In seven years, if all goes well, it will return with samples from a   asteroid that could hold clues to the solar system’s roots. _____ Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
"title: The Guggenheim’s Greatest Hits Come Roaring Back - The New York Times author: Holland Cotter text: Of New York City’s major museum collections, the Guggenheim’s is the hardest to see, because so little of it is usually on view. Blame Frank Lloyd Wright’s design, that big empty well of light and air with a little art up the sides. Not that I object to the building. I’ve adored it since my first visit as an    kid in 1960, the year after it opened. There was art on the ramps then, but all I remember is thinking: spaceship. Still do. But now, as if answering a hunger  —   maybe its own  —   to see what that spaceship originally held, the museum brings us “Visionaries: Creating a Modern Guggenheim,” a permanent collection show that fills the rotunda. The 170 works  —   mostly paintings, with a few sculptures, including a   Calder mobile dropped from on high  —   add up to a classic   display, which could be a snooze, but in this case isn’t because a lot of these greatest hits really are great, and some of the less familiar stuff is too. The installation is a pleasure: neat, clean, linear, up the ramp, with an optional detour into the Thannhauser wing (always permanent holdings turf). No need to consult floor plans. No wandering off course. If your visiting time is short, shift into   drive, head straight uphill and you’ll be done in under an hour. The main route, which starts on Ramp 2, is broadly chronological. It begins with a   landscape by Camille Pissarro, “The Hermitage at Pontoise,” from around 1867, the collection’s earliest work. It ends several ramps later, under the skylight, with Jackson Pollock’s big, tarry 1947 “Alchemy,” an archaeological dig of a picture, on view in New York for the first time in 50 years (after a painstaking restoration that removed decades of grime). But right off the rotunda floor, before you begin your climb, you undergo a kind of modernist baptism by fire: an eruption of color, line and utopian emotion generated by 10 Vasily Kandinsky paintings. Kandinsky is the Guggenheim’s house artist, the one whose work it owns in the greatest depth, and whose spiritualizing sensibility most closely reflects the institution’s founding aspirations. Solomon R. Guggenheim ( ) a New York industrialist and seasoned collector of old masters, probably never heard of Kandinsky until around 1927, when, at his wife’s insistence, he had his portrait done. The painter she hired was a German artist named Hilla Rebay  —   born Baroness Hildegard Anna Augusta Elisabeth Rebay von Ehrenwiesen  —   who had recently arrived in New York. Rebay had strange, figureless paintings and collages, some of which she’d made, on her studio walls. And she began telling her sitter about wonderful kinds of new art coming out of Europe: abstract art  —   she called it nonobjective  —   that reached for the spiritual realm. Guggenheim liked what he heard, and he liked a gamble, and, at age 68, decided to go with this one. The conversion was quick. Out went the old masters and, under Rebay’s guidance, in came some zany new ones, Kandinsky among them. By 1930, Guggenheim, guided by Rebay, had bought hundreds of pictures and was inviting people to his apartment in the Plaza Hotel to see them. In 1937, 80 years ago, he gave his collection institutional heft by setting up the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation. A publicly accessible home for the work  —   the Museum of   Painting  —   followed in 1939, with Rebay as director. And 20 years later came the Guggenheim Museum we have today. From an early point, its modernist collection represented the contributions, through sale, purchase or gifts, of several people. Look at the labels for the 10 introductory Kandinskys. The names of some of the original owners are noted. They, along with Guggenheim and Rebay, are the “visionaries” of the show’s title. Two of them, Karl Nierendorf and Justin K. Thannhauser, were German art dealers who moved to New York before, or during, World War II. Another figure, Katherine S. Dreier, was an artist and a private collector with progressive tastes. And a vital contributor was family: Peggy Guggenheim, Solomon’s   “art addict” niece. It is around these figures, and their art, that the exhibition, organized by the Guggenheim curator Megan Fontanella, with Ylinka Barotto, a curatorial assistant, is loosely built. Thannhauser, an important   European dealer in early modern French painting, was the original owner of the Pissarro landscape. He was pushed by war from Berlin to Paris and finally to New York in 1941. With no children to carry on his business, he consigned much of his art to the Guggenheim Foundation, including resplendent Gauguin landscapes, Seurat pastorals, a cache of van Gogh letters and a group of unusually interesting  —   because unusual  —   Picassos. His compatriot, Nierendorf, came to New York on a holiday jaunt in the late 1930s and stayed. He was a crucial figure in the developing museum: He represented Kandinsky in America, and had close ties to Paul Klee. When Nierendorf died suddenly in 1947, the Guggenheim Foundation bought his estate. Dozens of works by Klee came with it, and seven of them are part of what amounts to a Klee   that is one of the true    highlights of the show. Rebay loved Klee, and bought a gorgeous little   abstract grid painting  —   it looks like a dollhouse version of an Ardabil carpet  —   for herself. Like much of the rest of her personal collection, it eventually went to the museum, though her contribution to the institution was already incalculably huge. Basically, she created it in its early stages. And, with her theosophical interests and radical eye, she shaped it in ways that Guggenheim on his own might not have. (But even she couldn’t sell him on Mondrian.) Rightfully, many of her own works entered the holdings, and two of her abstract collages are on view: vivacious, disciplined, beautiful. Dreier, an American of German descent, was an artist too. She participated in the 1913 Armory show, where she met Marcel Duchamp. In 1920, joined by Man Ray, they founded the Société Anonyme to buy and exhibit new and difficult art. Independently wealthy, Dreier took collecting as seriously as most people do a profession. She made it her career and amassed astonishing holdings. The bulk of Société Anonyme material is at Yale, but the Guggenheim got some treasures: a zesty Schwitters collage, a Mondrian, and a madly complex Duchamp ink study of a chess match drawn on what looks like a cocktail napkin. The show ends with objects from the Peggy Guggenheim Collection in Venice. The daughter of Solomon’s brother Benjamin, who died on the Titanic, Peggy combined the work of several visionaries in one, as an art dealer, a museum builder and a lavish shopper  —   her stated intention was to “buy a picture a day”  —   with extremely eclectic tastes. Paintings in the show that belonged to her range from a rigorous geometric abstraction by Kazimir Malevich to a   Surrealist tableau by Max Ernst (her second husband). The dominant energy comes from Pollock, who was working as a maintenance man at the Museum of   Painting when Peggy Guggenheim, in a dealer phase, offered to pay him to make paintings full time. He did, and she got a lot of them. The three at the very top of the ramp are explosive the way the Kandinskys are below. She claimed Pollock as her great discovery, which he was, and still is, though the show yields plenty of other discoveries: Joseph Cornell assemblages, Franz Marc horses and cows, and splendid things by artists  —   Claire Falkenstein, Perle Fine, Alice Trumbull Mason, Maria Helena Vieira da Silva  —   you rarely see. You may miss them on a quick visit. But there’s plenty of time to return. “Visionaries” will be in place for nearly six months, until September, and even for a collection show, that doesn’t sound too long. Of the 170 pieces in the Guggenheim’s permanent collection survey, a few stand out: PAUL KLEE “Horizon, Zenith and Atmosphere,” 1925. Klee and Vasily Kandinsky both worked at the Bauhaus. Both had mystical temperaments. Both were artists collected by all the early Guggenheim “visionaries. ” Yet their work was very different, in scale and tone. This little Klee piece, with its radiant graphic lines and color sprayed from an atomizer, is in an aesthetic and spiritual world entirely its own. VAN GOGH “Landscape With Snow,” 1888. Feeling harassed and jostled by life in Paris, in the winter of 1888 van Gogh headed south for Arles, hoping to find balmy weather and congenial artist friends. He found neither. Arles had been hit by freak snowstorms. Standoffish locals were the only people around. Van Gogh went to work, and painted a bleak frosted field as oceanic garden. FRANZ MARC “Stables,” 1913. Marc painted some of the most empathetic depictions of animals since Dürer’s. As time went on, his view of the world grew more encompassing and cohesive. In “Stables,” his final picture of horses, nature and architecture harmoniously interlock. In 1916, at 36, he was killed in action during World War I. BRANCUSI “Little French Girl,” circa  . For Hilla Rebay, sculpture, as a medium, wasn’t spiritual enough, and this delightfully kooky early Brancusi is one of the few sculptures in the Guggenheim show. Influenced by African art that Brancusi had studied in Paris museums, it ended up in the Connecticut living room of Katherine S. Dreier. ALICE TRUMBULL MASON “Emergent Form,” 1945. An American painter and printmaker, Mason ( ) studied in New York with Arshile Gorky and went through geometric, then biomorphic phases, which she combines in this insouciant piece. An ardent nonobjectivist, she signed this painting twice, in different places, to indicate it had no fixed orientation. JACKSON POLLOCK “Alchemy,” 1947. Pollock’s great painting is a fitting punctuation to the show. Historically, it feels like both the beginning and the end of something big. It’s being seen here for the first time in years in more ways than one. To get a sense of the extensive conservation work done on it, check out “Jackson Pollock: Exploring ‘Alchemy’” in the Guggenheim’s Sackler Center for Arts Education."
"title: Border Patrol Agents Recover 44 Migrants from Stash House author: Bob Price text: Border Patrol agents from the Laredo and Rio Grande Valley Sectors joined up to raid a stash house where 44 illegal immigrants were being warehoused. [The agents raided a stash house near Donna, Texas, located south of McAllen along the Rio Grande Border with Mexico. Agents also captured and arrested the smuggler who managed the human warehouse.  The agents joined forces with Hidalgo County Precinct 1 Constable’s Office deputies, information provided to Breitbart Texas by U. S. Border Patrol officials. The law enforcement officials received a tip about suspicious activity at the house. After obtaining permission to search the home, the agents and deputies found that 44 people from Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras were being held in the home. Human smugglers frequently store their human cargo in what Border Patrol officials have described in the past as “deplorable” conditions. The women are often sexually assaulted or threatened while men are frequently beaten. They are oftentimes held for ransom as   smugglers contact family members requesting additional funds to move their loved one forward along the smuggling trail, Breitbart Texas has reported in the past. “The outstanding work done by all involved is a great example of how our enforcement strategy, utilizing collaboration across the South Texas Corridor, is working,” Rio Grande Valley Sector Acting Chief Patrol Agent Raul Ortiz said in a written statement. “In this case, 44 illegal immigrants were spared from being held in a crammed stash house and a smuggler was apprehended. ” The 44 migrants were removed from the house and taken to the Weslaco Station for processing. The human smuggler, a Mexican national, was arrested and turned over for prosecution. “The callous disregard for human life in which these persons were subjected to and the inhumane conditions that they were placed in demonstrates how heartless these smugglers can be,” said Laredo Sector Chief Patrol Agent Mario Martinez. The joint operation, carried out by agents from the Laredo and Rio Grande Valley Sectors, is part of an   Border Safety Initiative. The program is described as a humanitarian,   strategy aimed at reducing migrant deaths. It also serves to educate the public in addition to informing potential illegal immigrants about the dangers of turning their lives or the lives of their children over to the ruthless cartel smugglers. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.  "
"title: Delingpole: ’Come and Join Us’ Says France’s New President to U.S. Climate Scientists author: James Delingpole text: Exile all the top climate scientists in the U. S. to a failing economy where unemployment is rising, taxes are prohibitive and terrorism is rife. What kind of a vicious, sadistic bastard would dream of such a proposal? [Well, his name is Emmanuel Macron and he is the new French president. He has invited America’s entire climate change industry to France in order for them to escape what he clearly imagines to be President Trump’s   Terror.  He made his offer in a video on Facebook in February this year, before he knew for certain that his rivals had been nobbled to point where he was definitely going to win. “This is a message for American researchers, entrepreneurs, engineers working on climate change  …    I do know how your new president has decided to jeopardize your budget, your initiatives as he is extremely skeptical about climate change. I have no doubt about climate change  …     Please come to France. You are welcome. It’s your nation. We like innovation. We want innovative people. We want people working on climate change, energy, renewables, and new technologies. France is your nation. ” If President Macron keeps his promise it will be truly awesome news for the U. S. economy. No one has ever calculated how much the U. S. squanders annually on the great climate change scam. But the annual global figure has been estimated at $1. 5 trillion so we can probably extrapolate from this that the U. S. pays at least one third of that. Here is what half a trillion dollars looks like in figures: $500, 000, 000, 000. Imagine if, instead of being squandered on foreign junkets, kickbacks for presidential donors (that means you Solyndra) subsidies for the wind industry, and salaries for crooked scientists fiddling with the data for political ends, that money was instead spent on something useful like bigger bombs to drop on America’s enemies, fighter jets that weren’t obsolete, or, better still, on paying off the U. S. deficit? Also, it would rid the U. S. of what Macron mysteriously calls “entrepreneurs” but which you and I would more accurately call “  parasites. ” The climate change industry is full of such creatures, attracted like blowflies to a rotting corpse. They contribute nothing of value to the economy  —   almost entirely dependent, as they are, on taxpayer subsidies. Elon Musk alone has cost the U. S. taxpayer $4. 9 billion. It is typical of a Frenchman not to understand this. France has always been a big believer in the power of the state and in massive,   ‘grands projets”. So long as they don’t have any issues with France’s increasingly rich and diverse culture, I can imagine that American climate scientists will be very happy. And once they’ve gone there, so will everyone in the US."
"title: Islam Karimov Dies at 78, Ending a Long, Ruthless Rule of Uzbekistan - The New York Times author: Neil MacFarquhar text: MOSCOW  —   Islam Karimov, a ruthless autocrat who ruled Uzbekistan for almost three decades, died on Friday in the Uzbek capital, Tashkent. He was 78. A joint statement by the cabinet of ministers and Parliament announced the death, saying he had a stroke that led to multiple organ failure. The announcement followed a long, strange interlude during which Uzbek officials refrained from confirming the death even while the leaders of Turkey and Georgia expressed condolences, mosque leaders were barred from offering prayers for the president’s health, and funeral arrangements were being made very publicly. A respected opposition website posted pictures of cemetery workers in Samarkand, the president’s hometown, digging a fresh grave in a prominent location. The likeliest reason for the official silence was that top government officials had been unable to decide on the succession and did not want to announce that Mr. Karimov was dead until they could also say who would replace him, at least temporarily. The official statement said that the prime minister, Shavkat Mirziyoev, who is widely deemed to be the president’s likeliest successor, would lead the funeral on Saturday and that Mr. Karimov would be buried in Samarkand in accordance with Muslim rites. Long in poor health, Mr. Karimov had a stroke on Aug. 27, ending what was often described as one of the most brutal reigns to emerge from the collapse of the Soviet Union, exemplified by its continued use of forced labor for Uzbekistan’s annual cotton harvest. The circumstances of his death remain murky. The first hint that he was critically ailing came in a government statement on Sunday saying he had been hospitalized. It gave no other details. But in a Facebook post, his younger daughter, Lola   Uzbekistan’s ambassador to Unesco in Paris, said he had had a brain hemorrhage. On Friday she posted a black, blank picture on Instagram, saying, “He left us . .. I am trying to choose words and don’t believe in it myself. ” Rumors that Mr. Karimov had died circulated throughout the week. The suspicion was that the state was withholding the news while officials addressed the issue of who would succeed him in running the most populous country in Central Asia, rich in energy reserves and viewed as a strategic crossroads by China, Russia and the United States. It is by no means certain that Prime Minister Mirziyoev, who is considered a Kremlin ally, will succeed Mr. Karimov. Rustam Azimov, a deputy prime minister and finance minister, is a possible technocratic alternative. Mr. Karimov’s glamorous older daughter, Gulnara Karimova, had once been seen as having a promising political future, but those prospects disintegrated in a public soap opera involving charges of bribery, money laundering, physical violence and even sorcery. Mr. Karimov rose through the ranks of the local Communist Party until the Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev named him first secretary and effectively Uzbekistan’s chief in 1989. He won a presidential election after independence in 1991 and used Soviet methods to govern the country. “He is the state and the state is him, and it has been that way for at least 25 years,” said Steve Swerdlow, the director of Central Asia research at Human Rights Watch. Power in Uzbekistan was concentrated in the hands of the National Security Service, modeled on the old K. G. B. of the Soviet Union. Its longstanding but reportedly ailing director, Rustam Inoyatov, is expected to wield the greatest influence in the selection of the next president. The president’s widow, Tatyana Karimova, an economist, also holds considerable sway. Neither is known to be seeking a public role. “It is a police state where the power belongs completely to the security services,” said Daniil Kislov, the   editor in chief of a website, Ferghana. ru. “The special services will not allow for any alternative on the succession. ” The immediate succession is expected to follow the Constitution, which mandates that the head of the Senate run the country for three months until new presidential elections can be organized. Mr. Karimov repeatedly manipulated elections or referendums to extend his rule well beyond the two terms mandated by the Constitution. Such voting, which critics called fraudulent, always had a preordained conclusion. He won his latest presidential term in March 2015 with over 90 percent of the vote. Mr. Karimov jailed or exiled his political opponents and muzzled the news media. Political prisoners were estimated to number in the thousands. Torture was rife. He brushed aside any criticism that managed to bubble up despite the oppression. “I am one of those who is criticized for staying too long,” he said in 2014. “But I want to keep working. What’s wrong with that?” An estimated one million Russians still live in Uzbekistan, though the population of more than 31 million is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim. Mr. Karimov, who crushed an Islamic insurgency after surviving an assassination attempt by Islamic militants in 1999, was considered a bulwark against the spread of any jihadist threat in the region. With him gone, there was some question about whether the Islamic State or other groups might try to exploit the transition. “Whether or not the Islamic State sees a succession as an opportunity to create risks for the   Russians remains an open question,” said Cliff Kupchan, an expert on Russia and chairman of the Eurasia Group, a risk advisory firm based in Washington. In 1999, Mr. Karimov made his position toward radical Islam abundantly clear. “I am prepared to rip off the heads of 200 people, to sacrifice their lives, in order to save peace and calm in the republic,” he told reporters. “If my child chose such a path, I myself would rip off his head. ” He went on to prove it, massacring hundreds of antigovernment demonstrators in 2005 in the town of Andijon, a center of ethnic, social and economic tension in the fertile Fergana Valley. Europe and the United States imposed military sanctions. Mr. Karimov responded by expelling American forces from   Military Base, an important link in the supply chain for the forces propping up the government in Afghanistan against the Taliban. Eventually, supply needs trumped human rights issues, and the United States restored relations, even giving the Uzbekistan forces hundreds of surplus armored vehicles as American forces in Afghanistan were being drawn down. If Mr. Karimov was a gray, reclusive figure, his older daughter and   heir was anything but. Ms. Karimova, pursuing simultaneous careers in business, diplomacy, music and fashion design, partied with rock stars and fashion designers around the globe. Yet, from the outset her revealing clothes made her an unlikely leader in a conservative Muslim society. Ms. Karimova fell from grace in a spectacular manner when, around 2013, she was put under house arrest and her business ventures were shuttered or confiscated. She was under investigation in Sweden, Switzerland, the United States and elsewhere on suspicion of pocketing bribes and participating in   schemes related to selling telecommunications licenses in Uzbekistan. She and the companies involved have denied wrongdoing. Opposition websites alleged that Mr. Karimov beat his daughter in a fit of rage before jailing some of her associates and confining her to her home, where she remains incommunicado. “Karimov first slapped her on the face and then really started to beat Gulnara,” according to an account, attributed to an unidentified security service insider and published in 2013 on the website of the opposition People’s Movement of Uzbekistan. Ms. Karimova took to social media at the time to accuse her mother and her younger sister of dabbling in witchcraft. “The other part of the family destroys and is friends with sorcerers,” Ms. Karimova wrote in a post on Instagram. Mr. Karimov’s wife and daughters survive him, as do four grandchildren. Some analysts attributed Mr. Karimov’s reclusiveness and violent tendencies toward opponents as well as relatives and associates  —   he was known to pitch heavy marble ashtrays at senior aides  —   to his early years in a Soviet orphanage. Islam Karimov was born on Jan. 30, 1938, in Samarkand. His official biography said his father had been an office worker. Other accounts suggested that his parents, overwhelmed by a large family and meager resources, put him in an orphanage, at first temporarily, but eventually left him there. He studied to become an engineer, worked at an airplane factory and joined the Communist Party in the early 1960s. He married in 1964, and he and his wife had a son, Petr, but soon divorced. The son is believed to have moved to Moscow decades ago and never returned. Mr. Karimov joined Gosplan, the central Soviet economic planning agency, in 1966 and married for the second time in 1967. He rose to become the finance minister for the Soviet Socialist Republic of Uzbekistan in 1983. By all accounts Mr. Karimov hated the political jockeying by different groups in the initial burst of freedom after independence in 1991 and worked to destroy all autonomous political, media and human rights organizations. His antipathy toward Islamic groups is sometimes linked to an episode that same year. With Soviet authority crumbling, Islamic vigilante groups had established security and social services that were lacking in the Fergana Valley, and after one extremist group seized a building, Mr. Karimov went to negotiate with its representatives. He soon found himself humiliated when a young religious leader forced him to pray publicly. Later, he banned mosques from broadcasting the call to prayer. Over the years, Mr. Karimov also closed off the country to outside observers and put the news media under government control  —   one reason the circumstances of his death remain unclear. Uzbekistan remained open to tourists, drawn to spectacular   mosques and other monuments in Silk Road cities like Samarkand. The country was also known as the site of a major environmental disaster: The diverting of water from the Aral Sea for irrigation, especially for the crucial cotton crop, drastically shrank what had once been one of the world’s largest inland bodies of water. Mr. Karimov never lost his love of Soviet methods, be it for strengthening the domestic intelligence services or fostering a centrally planned economy, even if it kept much of the population mired in poverty. He once infamously criticized the millions of Uzbeks who had gone to take menial jobs in Russia just to survive, calling them “too lazy” to work at home. Every year, the government forced about one million students and others to join Uzbekistan’s annual cotton harvest to meet   quotas. “He was a Soviet man to the end,” Mr. Kislov, the web journalist, said."
"title: How Bad Is Your Air-Conditioner for the Planet? - The New York Times author: Tatiana Schlossberg text: We may be in the clear when it comes to heat domes, but it’s still really hot. More than half of the country has had temperatures in the 90s in the last week, prompting many people to find relief in the cool, crisp breeze of an  . But in the next few years, the way   work could change. Last month, representatives from nearly 200 countries worked on a new environment agreement to regulate the use of HFCs, or hydrofluorocarbons. These chemical compounds are responsible for keeping you cool on hot summer days, in   and refrigerators. And even though you might not have heard of them, environmentalists, government officials and scientists say an agreement to limit HFCs represents a significant step in the fight to stave off the worst effects of global warming. That’s because like other greenhouse gases, HFCs contribute to global warming. But mostly, they’re not coming from your   though   poses other environmental problems. So we’re here to answer some questions you might have about HFCs,   and this new treaty. It’s complicated. HFCs represent a small portion of total greenhouse gas emissions, but they trap thousands of times as much heat in the atmosphere as carbon dioxide. Good news: If your   is working properly, it won’t release HFCs into the atmosphere. Some HFCs are released during the manufacturing process, if your   or refrigerator has a leak, or when you throw a unit away, possibly causing some molecules to escape, especially if it’s disposed of improperly (Here’s some guidance on proper disposal). The United States has also put regulations in place to phase out the use of HFCs in other areas like aerosols and building foam. Not quite.   presents other problems: As of 2009, nearly 90 percent of American homes have   which account for about 6 percent of all  the country’s residential energy use. All that   releases about 100 million tons of carbon dioxide each year. According to historians and others, the widespread availability of   has allowed for more development in the hotter parts of the country  —   the South and the Southwest  —   where   use is the highest in the country. And once developers could rely on heating and cooling technologies, they often built less   homes, which means that you have to use more   or heating to get to the temperature you want. Representatives from the same countries who negotiated the Paris agreement met in Vienna to discuss a plan for phasing out HFCs. Any deal reached in these talks would be an amendment to the Montreal Protocol, which phased out CFCs (chlorofluorocarbons) only a few years after scientists published results showing the harm those chemicals were doing to the ozone layer. The United States, which already has some regulations in place to limit HFCs, wants to begin phasing out production and use in 2019 in developed countries, and in 2021 in developing countries, though some developing countries, like India, would prefer a longer    —   beginning in 15 years. These restrictions, they say, would place an unfair economic burden on their citizens, especially as   use is expected to skyrocket there in the next few decades. However, the Environmental Protection Agency said that because another chemical compound, HCFCs (hydrochlorofluorocarbons) are still commonly used in the developing world, it would be better if they skipped ahead to the more   replacements, rather than setting up a whole economy based on HFCs and then making the switch. HCFCs are not currently widely used in the United States and production and import here were largely halted last year. No, although some experts say that there may be a time in the future when the climate in some places will be so hot that   won’t be able to maintain comfortable temperatures. And several companies are already working on cooling replacements for HFCs. For instance, Honeywell, which makes your dehumidifier but also plane engines, has already invested close to a billion dollars in developing and patenting an HFC substitute, which is already used by some manufacturers. According to Ken Gayer, a vice president at Honeywell, these new molecules, known as HFOs (hydrofluoroolefins) break down in a matter of days, so there’s less time for them to trap heat in the atmosphere. HFOs are as good at cooling your home and are more energy efficient, Mr. Gayer said, but they are more expensive and complicated to produce. Honeywell started working on the HFOs in the 1990s, after scientists knew that HFCs were contributing to global warming, he said, adding that HFCs were always meant to be a transitional chemical, and not meant for   use."
"title: Bernie Sanders, Eyeing Convention, Willing to Harm Hillary Clinton in the Homestretch - The New York Times author: Patrick Healy, Yamiche Alcindor and Jeremy W. Peters text: Defiant and determined to transform the Democratic Party, Senator Bernie Sanders is opening a   phase of his presidential campaign aimed at inflicting a heavy blow on Hillary Clinton in California and amassing enough leverage to advance his agenda at the convention in July  —   or even wrest the nomination from her. Advisers to Mr. Sanders said on Wednesday that he was newly resolved to remain in the race, seeing an aggressive campaign as his only chance to pressure Democrats into making fundamental changes to how presidential primaries and debates are held in the future. They said he also held out hope of capitalizing on any late stumbles by Mrs. Clinton or any damage to her candidacy, whether by scandal or by the presumptive Republican nominee, Donald J. Trump. After sounding subdued if not downbeat about the race for weeks, Mr. Sanders resumed a combative posture against Mrs. Clinton, demanding on Wednesday that she debate him before the June 7 primary in California and highlighting anew what he asserted were her weaknesses against Mr. Trump. Mr. Sanders, his advisers said, has been buoyed by a stream of polls showing him beating Mr. Trump by larger margins than Mrs. Clinton in some battleground states, and by his belief that an upset victory in California could have a psychological impact on convention delegates who already have doubts about Mrs. Clinton. But his newly resolute attitude is also the cumulative result of months of anger at the national Democratic Party over a debate schedule that his campaign said favored Mrs. Clinton a   arrangement between the party and the Clinton campaign the appointment of fierce Clinton partisans as leaders of important convention committees and the party’s rebuke of Mr. Sanders on Tuesday for not clearly condemning a melee at the Nevada Democratic convention on Saturday. While Mr. Sanders says he does not want Mr. Trump to win in November, his advisers and allies say he is willing to do some harm to Mrs. Clinton in the shorter term if it means he can capture a majority of the 475 pledged delegates at stake in California and arrive at the Philadelphia convention with maximum political power. Tad Devine, a senior adviser to Mr. Sanders, said the campaign did not think its attacks would help Mr. Trump in the long run, but added that the senator’s team was “not thinking about” the possibility that they could help derail Mrs. Clinton from becoming the first woman elected president. “The only thing that matters is what happens between now and June 14,” Mr. Devine said, referring to the final Democratic primary, in the District of Columbia. “We have to put the blinders on and focus on the best case to make in the upcoming states. If we do that, we can be in a strong position to make the best closing argument before the convention. If not, everyone will know in   and we’ll have to take a hard look at where things stand. ” The prospect of a   Democratic fight is deeply troubling to party leaders who are eager for Mrs. Clinton and House and Senate candidates to turn to attacking Mr. Trump without being diverted by Democratic strife. Mr. Sanders has won nearly 10 million votes, compared to Mrs. Clinton’s 13 million, and Democratic leaders say she needs time to begin courting the young voters, liberals and other Sanders supporters who view her as an ally of corporate and   interests. But Mr. Sanders has sharpened his language of late, saying Tuesday night that the party faced a choice to remain “dependent on   campaign contributions and be a party with limited participation and limited energy” or “welcome into the party people who are prepared to fight for real economic and social change. ” Mr. Sanders’s   instincts have been encouraged by his   campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, who has been blistering against the Clinton camp and the party establishment. On Wednesday, he took to CNN to accuse Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the Democratic national chairwoman, of “throwing shade on the Sanders campaign from the very beginning. ” For weeks, some current and former Sanders campaign workers have privately acknowledged feeling disheartened about Mr. Weaver’s determination to go after the Democratic National Committee, fearing a pitched battle with the party they hope to support in the general election. The intraparty fighting has affected morale, they say, and raised concerns that Mr. Weaver, a longtime Sanders aide who more recently ran a comic book store, was not devoted to achieving Democratic unity. Several described the campaign’s message as having devolved into a   with perceived conspiracies on the part of Mrs. Clinton’s allies. Democratic leaders said they wanted to do everything possible to avoid having   tensions send the Philadelphia convention into the sort of chaos they had expected to mar the Republican convention. So far, though, Mr. Sanders has not indicated that he would ask his delegates to support Mrs. Clinton, as she did in 2008 for Barack Obama. “I’m hopeful that the two candidates will come together, and soon, which could blunt the possibility of real trouble at our convention,” said Edward G. Rendell, the former governor of Pennsylvania and a Clinton supporter who is chairman of the Philadelphia host committee for the convention. “But you look at what happened in Nevada, and you worry. ” The melee there, at which Sanders supporters revolted and threatened the state Democratic chairwoman in a fight over delegates, intensified concerns among Clinton allies. Senator Barbara Boxer of California, who attended the convention, said she spoke with Mr. Sanders late Tuesday and said he was “distressed” by the Nevada episode. “He will be judged as whether or not he has leadership qualities by the way he handles this,” she said. Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, who is close to Mr. Sanders, spoke with Mr. Sanders on Friday about not letting the state convention devolve into a messy fight. They spoke again on Tuesday afternoon, and Mr. Reid complained that a staff member who had attended feared for her safety. But Mr. Sanders’s subsequent statement condemning the violence, which mostly dwelled on how dismissively he felt the party was treating him, did little to soothe Mr. Reid’s unease. “Bernie and I have known each other for a long time, and I believe he is better than this,” Mr. Reid said Wednesday. But some Sanders supporters said that Democrats were ignoring an undercurrent of anger among those who fear that Mrs. Clinton, if elected, would lack the courage to challenge her friends and political contributors. “We want to have progressive values and socialism on the convention’s agenda, rather than slip back into centrist Democratic thinking if she gets elected,” said Tick Segerblom, a state senator in Nevada and a Sanders supporter. “I think there could be some chaos at the convention  —   at least outside, with a lot of anarchists, socialists, young people. ” Mrs. Clinton’s campaign has largely taken Mr. Sanders’s latest broadsides in stride. In soliciting donations Wednesday, it said that the   battle against Mr. Sanders and Mr. Trump was “one of the toughest parts of our campaign so far. ” A Clinton campaign spokesman declined to comment about Mr. Sanders’s debate proposal in California. Privately, Mrs. Clinton’s advisers said Mr. Sanders could win California but emphasized their confidence that Mrs. Clinton would still win the nomination. She now has a total of 2, 293 pledged delegates and superdelegates she needs 90 more to win the nomination, although superdelegates can shift their support up to the convention. Mr. Sanders has 1, 533 pledged delegates and superdelegates. Mr. Sanders is now running slightly behind Mrs. Clinton in California in public polls. Ben Tulchin, Mr. Sanders’s pollster, pointed to signs of rising voter registration in California among young people and independents  —   two core Sanders constituencies  —   as evidence that he could win the state. But Hispanic registration is also rising, which could benefit Mrs. Clinton. With Mr. Sanders expected to campaign aggressively over the next three weeks, his supporters in the state said they were focused on winning the primary, not on November. “If you want to talk about historic, let’s talk about the record turnout numbers at his rallies,” said Mayor Bao Nguyen of Garden Grove, Calif. a Sanders supporter. “Senator Sanders isn’t obliged to help Secretary Clinton if she wins. That’s a decision his team can make if they face that choice. ” Senator Jeff Merkley, Democrat of Oregon, Mr. Sanders’s lone endorser in the Senate, said that the party’s divisions would only deepen if Mr. Sanders was driven from the race now. “You can’t say to them, ‘Hey we don’t want to hear your views,’ and shut the door on them,” Mr. Merkley said, “and then a month later open the door and say, ‘Hey, can you come in and help us out?’"
"title: Pregnant Women Turn to Marijuana, Perhaps Harming Infants - The New York Times author: Catherine Saint Louis text: During her pregnancy, she never drank alcohol or had a cigarette. But nearly every day, Stacey, then 24, smoked marijuana. With her fiancé’s blessing, she began taking a few puffs in her first trimester to quell morning sickness before going to work at a sandwich shop. When sciatica made it unbearable to stand during her   shifts, she discreetly vaped marijuana oil on her lunch break. “I wouldn’t necessarily say, ‘Go smoke a pound of pot when you’re pregnant,’” said Stacey, now a    mother in Deltona, Fla. who asked that her full name be withheld because   marijuana is illegal in Florida. “In moderation, it’s O. K. ” Many pregnant women, particularly younger ones, seem to agree, a recent federal survey shows. As states legalize marijuana or its medical use, expectant mothers are taking it up in increasing numbers  —   another example of the many ways in which acceptance of marijuana has outstripped scientific understanding of its effects on human health. Often pregnant women presume that cannabis has no consequences for developing infants. But preliminary research suggests otherwise: Marijuana’s main psychoactive ingredient  —   tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC  —   can cross the placenta to reach the fetus, experts say, potentially harming brain development, cognition and birth weight. THC can also be present in breast milk. “There is an increased perception of the safety of cannabis use, even in pregnancy, without data to say it’s actually safe,” said Dr. Torri Metz, an obstetrician at Denver Health Medical Center who specializes in   pregnancies. Ten percent of her patients acknowledge recent marijuana use. In the federal  survey, published online in December, almost 4 percent of    said they had used marijuana in the past month in 2014, compared with 2. 4 percent in 2002. (By comparison, roughly 9 percent of pregnant women ages 18 to 44 acknowledge using alcohol in the previous month.) Young    were particularly likely to turn to marijuana: Roughly 7. 5 percent of   to    said they had used pot in the past month in 2014, compared with 2 percent of women ages 26 to 44. Evidence on the effects of prenatal marijuana use is still limited and sometimes contradictory. Some of the most extensive data come from two sets of researchers, in Pittsburgh and in Ottawa, who have long studied children exposed to THC in the womb. In Pittsburgh,    born to mothers who had smoked one joint or more daily in the first trimester showed a decreased ability to understand concepts in listening and reading. At age 10, children exposed to THC in utero were more impulsive than other children and less able to focus their attention. Most troubling, children of mothers who used marijuana heavily in the first trimester had lower scores in reading, math and spelling at age 14 than their peers. “Prenatal exposure can affect the adolescent pretty significantly,” said Dr. Lauren M. Jansson, the director of pediatrics at the Center for Addiction and Pregnancy at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Several studies have found changes in the brains of fetuses, 18 to 22 weeks old, linked to maternal marijuana use. In male fetuses who were exposed, for instance, researchers have noted abnormal function of the amygdala, the part of the brain that regulates emotion. “Even early in development, marijuana is changing critical circuits and neurotransmitting receptors,” said Dr. Yasmin Hurd, a neuroscientist and the director of the addiction center at Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in Manhattan. “Those are important for regulation of emotions and reward, even motor function and cognition. ” It is already well documented that the developing brains of teenagers can be altered with regular marijuana use, even eventually reducing I. Q. “The effects are not dramatic, but that doesn’t mean they are not important,” said Jodi Gilman, an assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School who studies adolescent users of cannabis. “It could make the difference between getting an A and getting a B. ” “You could imagine that a similar subtle effect may be present in those who were exposed prenatally to marijuana,” she added. The American Academy of Pediatrics and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists both advise against prenatal cannabis use because of its links to cognitive impairment and academic underachievement. But many state and federal agencies avoid the topic. Of five federal agencies, only the National Institute on Drug Abuse had any information about prenatal marijuana use on its website as of last February, according to a study published online in December in the journal Substance Abuse. Only 10 state health departments did. Until recently, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention offered nothing. “I don’t think public health officials should be alarming people,” said Marian Jarlenski, the study’s lead author and an assistant professor at the University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health. “They just have to say, ‘There have been studies done, and there is some risk. ’” In a statement, C. D. C. officials expressed concern about memory and attention problems among children exposed to THC in utero. “While current evidence on health consequences is inconsistent, some studies have found risks associated with marijuana use during pregnancy, such as low birth weight or preterm birth,” the agency said. Dr. Marie McCormick, a pediatrician and the chairwoman of a new report on cannabis from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine, said smoking cannabis “does confer, in terms of birth weight, the same risk as cigarettes. ” Some of the gathering evidence is reassuring. So far, prenatal cannabis exposure does not appear to be linked to obvious birth defects. “That’s why some providers and lay people alike think there’s no effect,” said Dr. Erica Wymore, a neonatologist at Children’s Hospital Colorado. But she warned, “Just because they don’t have a major birth defect or overt withdrawal symptoms doesn’t mean the baby’s neurological development is not impacted. ” Most research in this area was done when the drug was far less potent. Marijuana had 12 percent THC in 2014, while in 1995 it was just 4 percent, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. “All those really good earlier studies on marijuana effects aren’t telling us what we need to know now about higher concentration levels,” said Therese Grant, an epidemiologist and director of the University of Washington’s fetal alcohol and drug unit. “We need to do a whole lot more research now. ” There are two additional problems with studies of maternal cannabis use. Research is often based on reports by pregnant women  —   instead of, say, tests of urine or the umbilical cord  —   and they consistently underreport their use. (Researchers know of underreporting because samples reveal discrepancies.) And pregnant women who roll joints also tend to smoke tobacco or drink alcohol it can be hard to tease out the risks of cannabis itself. Few realize that THC is stored in fat and therefore can linger in a mother’s body for weeks, if not months. It’s not known whether the fetus’s exposure is limited to the hours a woman feels high. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists advises clinicians to ask pregnant women about marijuana use and to urge them to quit. To find out whether that’s happening, Dr. Judy Chang, an   at the University of Pittsburgh, and her colleagues recorded more than 450 first visits with pregnant patients. Medical staff were more likely to warn patients that child protective services might be called if they used marijuana, the researchers found, than to advise them of potential risks. When    admitted to marijuana use, almost half of obstetric clinicians did not respond at all. Pregnant women aren’t eager to discuss it, either, because they are afraid of legal repercussions or a lecture. Depression, anxiety, stress, pain, nausea and vomiting were the most common reasons women reported using marijuana in a 2014 survey of   mothers getting federal nutrition help in Colorado. Roughly 6 percent were pot users a third were pregnant. “Women are thinking of this as medical marijuana in that they are treating some condition,” said Elizabeth Nash, a policy analyst at the Guttmacher Institute who researches substance abuse in pregnancy. “If you’re going to consider it like medicine,” she said, “then treat it like medicine and talk to your doctor about it. ” Stacey’s son just had his first birthday. He’s walking, talking and   and she isn’t worried about his development. She still smokes pot  —   indeed, her son plays on a rug emblazoned with a marijuana leaf. But the severe cramps that plagued her before pregnancy are easing now. “I don’t have to smoke as much anymore,” she said."
"title: Noncitizen Faces Deportation for Illegal Voting After Getting Driver’s License author: Logan Churchwell text: A Peruvian woman originally hoping to become a naturalized citizen in Illinois now faces deportation after her record of illegal voter registration and casting ballots for federal candidates has come to light. [Margarita Del Pilar Fitzpatrick, a Peruvian woman married to an American citizen in Illinois, became registered to vote at a driver’s license issuing office in 2005, according to court records. She presented a valid green card and passport from her home country to satisfy the identification requirements to obtain a license. Because of guidelines under the National Voter Registration Act (a. k. a. Motor Voter) the DMV employee reflexively offered Fitzpatrick the opportunity to register to vote, despite her documented alien status.  Having studied English in college and working as a translator in the medical field, Fitzpatrick reportedly questioned the state employee if she was “supposed to” register. The DMV agent responded, “it’s up to you. ” The woman would later sign a document attesting to U. S. citizenship, allowing her to become a fully registered voter, reportedly casting ballots for federal candidates in 2006. Federal law currently bars noncitizens from voting in federal or state elections, potentially leading to deportation. Fitzpatrick’s voting record would likely have remained unnoticed had she not pursued citizenship and   her registration experience. In the waning days of the Obama Administration, Fitzpatrick  appealed her deportation order to the U. S. 7th Circuit in Chicago, arguing that the DMV employee essentially entrapped her for not counseling against registering to vote. The appellate court placed little stock in her defense, noting that she was fully literate in English and the conversation was likely scripted from the state officer’s perspective. DMV employees and other state agents that are required to offer voter registration opportunities are barred from saying “anything that will discourage an applicant   …     from registering to vote,” the court noted. In general, state agencies providing voter registration opportunities are not in the business of verifying the contents of applications. Documents are checked for completion and are then forwarded to appropriate election officials. In Fitzpatrick’s case, the Illinois DMV employee’s duty was complete when they had an attestation of voting eligibility in hand. Election law expert J. Christian Adams said in a statement shortly after the 7th Circuit ruling that the case “demonstrates how difficult it is to pursue noncitizen voting crimes without verification measures in voter registration. ” As Breitbart Texas has reported recently, states like Texas and Virginia are currently considering legislation that would require documented proof of U. S. citizenship when registering to vote, similar to current law in Kansas. The 7th Circuit panel inquired if individuals like Ms. Fitzpatrick were priorities for removal by the Department of Homeland Security. Government attorneys told the court on January 17 that “the answer was yes. ” Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell. He also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation. MARGARITA DEL PILAR FITZPATRICK by Public Interest Legal Foundation on Scribd, "
"title: Cut the Cord, but Keep the Films? Here Are 3 Ways - The New York Times author: Glenn Kenny text: As someone old enough to remember the “Stop Pay TV!” campaigns that movie theaters and affiliated parties mounted in the late 1960s  —   “Don’t let Pay TV be the monster in your living room,” blared one such ad  —   I am occasionally amused that paying for televised entertainment is now pretty much a fact of life. As multidevice streaming rapidly evolves into something like the norm, the concept of   has started becoming a reality for some viewers. It’s difficult to find reliable data on how many households have given up cable TV and now get all their television via a streaming   like Roku, Amazon Fire or Google Chromecast. I know two couples who have done this. One of them had a viewing party on election night last November and hoo, boy, things got interesting when a   glitch occurred around 10 p. m. Eastern time. (One thing you should make sure you have before any kind of cable   is reliable   internet, without which there’s no streaming.) In any event, it appears that the situation for many consumers involves keeping cable and shuffling various streaming services. So in addition to all the other monthly bills, we are also, in this scenario, forced to keep up with individual fees for streaming services. Bundling is part of why people opt for cable in the first place, and it’s becoming a feature of certain streaming services Amazon Video is one of several that lets you piggyback various other services, usually at a slightly reduced fee. “Watching TV is more complicated than ever,” a pitchman on a broadcast ad for TV Guide announced in the 1980s. Wherever that fellow is now, I bet he’s terribly confused. With all this in mind, I’ve assembled three discrete monthly streaming “packages” for dedicated movie watchers to consider. It’s worth remembering that almost all of the services come with   free trials. And with some notable exceptions, almost all the services offer more than just movies. PACKAGE 1: ‘THE MAINSTREAMER’ Its foundational pillars are Amazon Video ($8. 99) and Netflix ($9. 99). (For the sake of coherence, I’m going to stick to monthly rates, before taxes note that Amazon’s video service comes with Amazon Prime’s $99 annual fee.) Hulu carries more television shows than movies, but it’s not light on movies, particularly popular ones. Unless you like to watch commercials, in which case your Hulu will run $7. 99, the desirable option will be   version at $11. 99. Add HBO Now ($14. 99) Starz ($8. 99) and Showtime ($10. 99). That’s $65. 94 worth of monthly streaming. (Explorers of Amazon   Prime will point out that there’s a good deal of HBO programming already free through the service this doesn’t include movies currently on HBO, or the most recent original programming, including     movies. This is worth considering when determining whether or not to add HBO Now.) But if you want to rent or purchase a film on demand, either a classic or something recently released in theaters, there are also movies available à la carte, from $2. 99 to $14. 99, available on Amazon, Vudu, Google Play, iTunes and more. Let’s postulate that each month you spend $2. 99, $4. 99 and $14. 99 on a single movie from one of these  —   that’s $22. 97. So the services and a few potentially     purchases, you’re looking at $88. 91. Not exactly cheap, but were I to pitch it to you with the proviso “Less Than $100 a Month,” you might think, “Not bad. ” PACKAGE 2: ‘THE BUFF’ These are   or   sites that offer cinema of a more artistic, esoteric, possibly obscure bent, and reject American cultural hegemony by, in most cases, going around the world for their fare. I’d say the foundation would be FilmStruck with the Criterion Channel option at $10. 99 a month. It’s $6. 99 a month without Criterion, but you’ll want Criterion, for its smartly chosen array of largely foreign cinematic milestones. Warner Archive ($9. 99) is the odds and ends of a great American studio, not a very global concern but still full of enticing options. Then there’s the   streaming art house Mubi ($5. 99) which has, during special promotions, offered enticing yearly subscription discounts ($34. 99 as opposed to $47. 99). Fandor, an eclectic and often exciting service with thousands of movies ranging from martial arts romps such as “Master of the Flying Guillotine” to expansive, obscure French brainteasers like “Out 1,” is $10 a month. And the solid indie provider Sundance Now, which also offers original series, is $6. 99. That’s about $44 a month. PACKAGE 3: ‘THE FRINGE’ If you like genre movies above all, or like digging for cinematic thrills in obscure but not necessarily arty corners, this might be a good option. You’ll need Warner Archive ($9. 99) the blaxploitation service Brown Sugar ($3. 99) and the horror specialist Screamhouse ($4. 99) which runs scary gamuts each with its own menu subheading, including “Extreme,” which has the indeed highly unpleasant “Cannibal Ferox. ” Shudder, another horror service ($4. 99) recently made waves by offering the controversial Ken Russell    film “The Devils” finicky horror lovers almost immediately protested on social media that it was not the uncut version. (In fairness to Shudder, the actual provenance of an uncut version of this movie is highly obscure.) Amazon’s video service is rife with noir titles in various states of disrepair or restoration. A lot of genre stuff in the public domain (until a copyright owner can effectively yell “Foul! ”) is on YouTube, which is free for the sake of argument, we’ll add YouTubeRed ($9. 99) to this bill of fare. Crunchyroll has an   membership for $6. 95. And the Urban Movie Channel ($4. 99) is not as   as Brown Sugar, but it doesn’t exactly lack, either, especially when it comes to   genre variants like the Southern     2009 thriller “In the Electric Mist” or the   tale “The Sickle” (2015). Total: a little over $45 with Amazon added as a digging option, a little under $55. All this of course can be supplemented by free services other than YouTube, like the site of DVD label Shout! Factory and Vimeo. If only there was a service that would allow one to buy leisure time, we’d be all set."
"title: The Giant Panda Is No Longer Endangered. It’s ‘Vulnerable.’ - The New York Times author: Liam Stack text: The giant panda has long languished on the endangered species list, but an international monitoring group finally had some good news for it over the weekend. The pandas were removed from the endangered list, along with the Tibetan antelope. But the monitors issued a grim warning about the fate of the eastern gorilla, which has moved one step closer to extinction. It also said that the plains zebra has become “near threatened” because of hunting. The new designations were announced on Sunday in a report by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, a leading environmental group that tracks the status of plant and animal species. Giant pandas are national symbol in China, their native habitat, and the I. U. C. N. said on Sunday that efforts by the Chinese government to reverse the slide of the population, using forest protection and reforestation, had been successful. The panda’s new designation is “vulnerable. ” The conservation union said researchers have cautiously increased estimates of the panda population in every study since 1985, but data from the most recent survey conducted between 2011 and 2014 removed any uncertainty about the rebound by the species. That study found an estimated 1, 864 giant pandas in the wild, not counting cubs under the age of 18 months. The one remaining source of concern, however, is a big one. The I. U. C. N. warned that climate change could destroy more than 35 percent of the animal’s bamboo habitat in the next 80 years, leaving its future in doubt. “Whereas the decision to downlist the giant panda to vulnerable is a positive sign confirming that the Chinese government’s efforts to conserve this species are effective, it is critically important that these protective measures are continued, and that emerging threats are addressed,” the group wrote in its giant panda assessment. China said it was less optimistic about the animal’s progress, however. The State Forestry Administration disputed the conservation group’s decision in a statement to The Associated Press, saying pandas struggle to reproduce in the wild and live in small groups spread widely apart. “If we downgrade their conservation status, or neglect or relax our conservation work, the populations and habitats of giant pandas could still suffer irreversible loss, and our achievements would be quickly lost,” the forestry administration told the A. P. “Therefore, we’re not being alarmist by continuing to emphasize the panda species’ endangered status. ” The eastern gorilla has been a lot less lucky. The group changed the status of the species, one of the six great apes, from endangered to critically endangered after what it called “a devastating population decline” of more than 70 percent in the last 20 years. The species lives in the mountains and jungles of the Democratic Republic of Congo, northwest Rwanda and southwest Uganda, and the group said   conflict in that part of Africa was responsible for the sharp decline in the gorilla’s numbers. The spread of firearms and militants in the wider region has also lead to an uptick in poaching and made it dangerous for conservation groups to access the area. The eastern gorilla is composed of two subspecies whose combined population is now estimated to be fewer than 5, 000, the group said. One subspecies has fared better than the other. The estimated population of Grauer’s gorilla has declined by 77 percent since 1994, from 16, 900 individuals to just 3, 800 in 2015. The second subspecies, the mountain gorilla, has actually added to its numbers in recent years, the group said, but its population is still only estimated to be 880. “To see the Eastern gorilla  —   one of our closest cousins  —   slide toward extinction is truly distressing,” Inger Andersen, the Director General of the I. U. C. N. said in a statement. “Conservation action does work and we have increasing evidence of it. It is our responsibility to enhance our efforts to turn the tide and protect the future of our planet. ”"
"title: Raising Money for Clinton, Cher Sounds Off (and Not Just About Trump) - The New York Times author: Jonathan Martin text: She compared him to Hitler, likened his campaign to a “racist” version of “Fun with Dick and Jane” and even said he evoked the murderous child star in “The Bad Seed. ” “I just think he’s” an idiot, Cher said of Donald J. Trump, adding a decidedly unprintable modifier. The crowd on Sunday in Provincetown, Mass. one of the country’s gay capitals, roared its approval at Cher’s succinct and salty assessment. But the famed singer and actress was not just riffing between songs at a concert: She was introducing Hillary Clinton at a   for her presidential campaign. Cher did more than just blister Mr. Trump. She also offered a blunt appraisal of Mrs. Clinton’s strengths and weaknesses. “This chick is just tougher than Chinese algebra,” Cher said of the Democratic nominee. Prompting a mix of nervous laughter and applause, she added, “She is shy, and she’s not the greatest speaker in the world. ” Cher said Mrs. Clinton had told her of being deeply affected by her failed effort to spearhead an overhaul of the nation’s health care system in 1993. “She got so crushed by the G. O. P. just for trying to set up health care, and she never thought it would be so personal, and she said it made her kind of pull in. ” “I hope she doesn’t mind my telling this story,” Cher said, adding: “Too late now!” Her   remarks, recorded by an attendee and posted on Facebook, offered a colorful glimpse at a part of the presidential campaign that has been mainly   to the general public and journalists this election cycle. Both Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump have generally barred reporters from attending their  . As Cher demonstrated, the language used in private settings like the event on Cape Cod  —   which brought in more than $1 million for Mrs. Clinton’s campaign  —   can be more inflammatory and raw than what is said with a bank of television cameras present. And it was not just the entertainer, whose Twitter posts often employ a toilet emoji instead of Mr. Trump’s name, who spoke bluntly. Mrs. Clinton, who often discusses how well she was able to work with Republicans during her tenure in the Senate, took the stage and acknowledged former Representative Barney Frank, Democrat of Massachusetts, noting that he has been promoting a new bumper sticker. “I think it is something like, ‘Democrats Aren’t Perfect  —   but They’re Nuts! ’” said Mrs. Clinton. “You understand that. ” But Mrs. Clinton, a portion of whose remarks was also posted online, was not onstage when Cher, 70, arrived to loud applause,   a few lines of her song “Woman’s World. ” Cher warned that Mr. Trump’s slogan, “Make America Great Again,” was only a guise for a more divisive message. “He means, ‘We want to make America straight and white,’” she said. And she belittled Mr. Trump for his stumbling reference at the Republican convention to the “L. G. B. T. Q. ” community. “It’s like he just learned it, you know?” she said to laughter. Speaking without notes, Cher’s performance was more of an   routine than a traditional political speech. “Do you remember ‘Fun with Dick and Jane? ’” she asked, referring to the 1970s comedy. “It’s like ‘Racist Fun with Dick and Jane.’ We’re going to build walls!” Mr. Trump, she added, reminded her of the pigtailed blond actress Patty McCormack from “The Bad Seed. ” “Consummate liar, doesn’t care who she hurts, insane and, you know, sociopathic narcissist,” she said. “I just wish he’d fall off the face of the earth. ” Veering into more incendiary territory, Cher invoked “old despots” and received a subdued response when she mentioned Hitler and Stalin. “We’re going to make Germany great again,” she said, before digressing to a bit on Britain’s vote to leave the European Union. Even as she sought to use her closing comments to praise Mrs. Clinton  —   “I believe in her so much,” she said  —   Cher could not help but return to the object of her ire, Mr. Trump. “I know that if he got into office, our world would be the worst place,” Cher said. “I don’t think we could imagine how bad it could get. ” She added that, “if breaking news ever happened and he had to go to the podium, we would just all go . .. ” She finished her thought with a   expression of disgust. Then she walked off to a roar of applause."
"title: Ingrid LaFleur, Artist and Curator, Enters Detroit’s Mayoral Race - The New York Times author: Randy Kennedy text: Actors have been mayors (Clint Eastwood). So have singers (Sonny Bono)  high school football coaches (Rob Ford) and media moguls (Michael Bloomberg). Why not somebody from the art world? On Tuesday, a    curator and artist, Ingrid LaFleur, threw her hat into the ring for this year’s mayoral race in Detroit, a city where municipal finances and art have been uncomfortable bedfellows in recent years. During the city’s federal bankruptcy proceedings in 2013 and 2014, creditors pushed for the sale of valuable pieces from the collection of the Detroit Institute of Arts. Ms. LaFleur, a Detroit native, helped establish an artist’s residency program at the Andy Warhol Museum in Pittsburgh and founded an   art and film program, Afrotopia, in Detroit. She said in an interview that after returning to her hometown after several years in New York and elsewhere, “I was at once very shocked at the state of the city, and at the same time really impressed with all the creative and social justice communities that were growing here. ” “I think this is our moment to reimagine not just the city, but city governing,” she said. “How we can truly govern in a way that supports our citizens in the work that they’re already doing and not create barriers to make it more difficult?” She said she was nearing the 500 petition signatures needed to get her name added to the ballot to challenge Mayor Mike Duggan, the first white mayor of the   city since 1973, who has announced he will run again. (Ms. LaFleur is  .) The Detroit Free Press reported that 15 people had taken out petitions so far to run for mayor but that no significant challenger to Mr. Duggan, a Democrat elected in 2013, had yet emerged. The primary is Aug. 8, and the nonpartisan election Nov. 7. Ms. LaFleur said she considered her lack of campaign or governing experience a plus in a city with a long history of municipal corruption. “I’m hyperaware of what I’m doing,” she said. “I’m not naïve about the political landscape of Detroit. But I’m a person who’s not beholden to anyone except the citizens of Detroit. I can be someone to reimagine the role of politician because I don’t have that kind of background. ” She added: “As curator and artist I’ve learned how to bring people together, to solve problems creatively, to be a good organizer, a good researcher. ” What about a good  ? “I know that Duggan raised $3 million for his run,” Ms. LaFleur said. “I won’t say I can’t do that. I’m just going to say that’s not our focus. ” “We plan to tap into the huge art and creative community that has taken root in this city, to reach voters through them,” she said. “Of course, if we could raise that kind of money we’d be very happy, and we’d use it wisely. ”"
"title: Revel in the Bounty of Spring, With a Feast From Yotam Ottolenghi - The New York Times author: Sam Sifton text: The first thing Yotam Ottolenghi did before he began cooking a   feast for family and friends  —   before sliding the lamb into the oven, before building four salads, before assembling an immense layer cake, before he even started to sort through the mountain of ingredients stacked on the kitchen counters  —   was to take a look at the china on which the food would eventually be served. “Food styling is what I do best,” he said. “So I start at the end, with the plates and platters. And then I start to cook. ” This is a task many home cooks ignore, then wonder why their meals are not quite as beautiful as the ones photographed in Ottolenghi’s   books or served at his London restaurants and takeout shops. He put the names of the dishes he was going to cook onto sheets of paper and then matched each one with the platter that he thought would best highlight the food’s color and shape: cerulean blue for some plumlike beets, for instance, and a stark white for the grilled and crispy meat. It took about five minutes. But in the world of Ottolenghi, what food looks like, and how it is served, matters as much as how delicious it is. And it is very delicious. Ottolenghi, 47, is a British citizen who was born and raised in Israel. Married with two young boys, he is also the paterfamilias of a much bigger Ottolenghi household: partners and employees in a thriving business that includes three restaurants, two shops, books (five and counting, starting with “Ottolenghi: The Cookbook,” in 2008) and a regular newspaper column. Ottolenghi’s food is vaguely vegetarian, but not exclusively so, a mix of Israeli and Palestinian and Turkish and Syrian and Armenian and Asian influences that he has made seem effortlessly elegant  —   at least if you can find the right spices. (Which you can if you have access to an international market or the Internet.) For a generation of home cooks whose crowning glory might have been a glistening Sunday roast accompanied by wan vegetables, the brightly colored, richly scented salads and side dishes prepared in his kitchens and outlined in his recipes provide a kind of gateway to culinary excellence, with color and smell and flavor all wrapped together in a magnificent synesthetic whole. It was that larger clan Ottolenghi was cooking with and for this day, a group of friends who have found their professional and personal lives aligned around a shared enterprise and common aesthetic. It was a busman’s holiday for people who really like to drive buses. There was Tara Wigley, with whom he collaborates on books and recipes. She had offered up the kitchen and garden of her South London home for the feast. With her were Sarah Joseph and Esme Howarth, two cooks who labor alongside Ottolenghi in the   atelier he maintains at his headquarters in Camden. Others would arrive later to mix cocktails, grill things, open wine. It would be a day of work, perhaps, but one that ended with a grand party. “I don’t see it as a formal thing,” Ottolenghi said. He saw the meal, he said, as a Middle Eastern take on a proper English garden party. Ottolenghi spent the previous afternoon shopping, driving through thick London traffic in his Prius, checking his usual haunts, stores at which he shops for both work and leisure. He went to Godfrey’s in Highbury, the same butcher that supplies his restaurants, for lamb, and chatted amiably with Chris Godfrey, whose family has run the place since 1905. Then he dashed across the street to the serene La Fromagerie for cheese. He tacked toward his home in Camden for verdant herbs and vegetables and luscious yogurt from Parkway Greens, as he does nearly every day with his sons, and then to Kensington High Street for pomegranates, fresh almonds and dried rose petals from Bahar and Zaman, two Iranian shops. The groceries piled high behind him in the car. Those groceries took up most of the counter space in Wigley’s kitchen. Ottolenghi is a list maker, as anyone preparing a lot of food for a lot of people ought to be, and after he was done selecting platters, he pulled out a folded list of the tasks they needed to complete before everyone arrived. Wigley, Joseph and Howarth gathered around him to talk it through. It was their menu as much as his, and the discussion that followed was familial and cooperative, less a chef barking orders than a group of friends figuring out how best to tackle a crossword puzzle. Here again were important lessons for the home cook who aspires to serve a feast: Do not work alone. And as a corollary: Revel in it. Choose a menu collaboratively, one in which all the dishes emerge from the same larder, complementing one another, and then cook it collaboratively as well, so that if there is immense bounty on the table when you’re done, no one has become exhausted preparing it. By noon, the kitchen was humming with activity. The lamb, which was now in the oven, perfumed the air with ginger and cumin and cloves. Howarth blackened eggplants on the stovetop as the first step in creating a kind of deconstructed baba ghanouj, while Wigley sliced cherry tomatoes and red onions for a salad she would mix with pomegranate seeds, little hunks of feta and copious amounts of mint, basil and za’atar, the Middle Eastern spice blend generally made of oregano, thyme, salt and toasted sesame seeds. Joseph, meanwhile, wedged herself into a corner and began to fill a roasting pan with beets and whole heads of garlic. She was going to roast them all into softness, then use the garlic in     yogurt and place the caramelized beets on top. Ottolenghi said he wanted to prepare the yogurt. “I do like to cook, you know,” he said. The dishes mounted. They built a delicate bowl of sliced cucumber and mâche. It was a taste of spring scattered with mint and cilantro leaves and showered in nigella seeds, with a dressing of yogurt and ginger, garlic and lemon juice that they would dot onto the salad just as it was served. There was basmati rice to bake as well, with shallots, garlic, fresh curry leaves and saffron, a surprisingly rich and flavorful combination, a dish that would pair with almost any grilled or roasted meat. “I’ll do it!” Howarth said eagerly. The four cooks worked together as touring concert musicians might, taking a day off just to jam. Dessert was complicated. The plan was to build what Ottolenghi calls a celebration cake, a dessert he serves at catered events. Helen Goh, a longtime pastry collaborator, with whom he is writing a book on baking, was coming to the feast. Ottolenghi, who trained as a pastry chef at Le Cordon Bleu in London after finishing a master’s thesis in philosophy at Tel Aviv University, wanted it to be perfect for her: layers of cake held together not by flour or nuts but by what Ottolenghi called “the magic of whipped egg whites, sabayon and the chilling effect of the freezer. ” The day before, he made a   ganache. He also baked the spongy cake layers and put them in the freezer overnight. Now he needed only to put the cake together, a task he set to with intense concentration, straightening only to examine his work, somewhat critically. “I think it’s best if it is superrustic,” he said. And here once more was guidance for the home cook. This cake was far from perfect. The edges of the layers were not flawlessly cut. There were cracks across their centers. The cream was loosely applied, and the berries on top of it were spread almost  . And yet: They were not. The cake looked incredibly elegant. When he was finished, Ottolenghi gathered the platters and started to fill them. Again he bent to the job, his back almost parallel to the floor, arranging the food just so, a heron at work. It might have seemed precious except that the results far outstripped the time spent achieving them. He placed the dishes on a sideboard to await the start of the party. “  food is so horrible,” he said. “You can let it sit out and be beautiful instead. ” The kitchen, already crowded, began to fill with family and friends. Ramael Scully, the head chef at Ottolenghi’s NOPI, arrived and quickly headed toward the grill. Scully was born in Malaysia to parents of Chinese, Indian, Malay and Irish descent and raised in Australia. “So I like to burn things,” he said when he arrived. “Scully’s the man in the family,” Ottolenghi replied, to laughter. Ottolenghi’s husband, Karl Ottolenghi Allen, followed with their older son, Max, who is 3. Ottolenghi picked him up and smothered him with kisses, before Wigley’s three children burst downstairs to take Max to the garden. Sami Tamimi, the Palestinian chef who collaborated with Ottolenghi on two cookbooks (including the   “Jerusalem” from 2012) was hard on their heels. Everyone was hugging everyone else, gossiping and catching up, palming fresh almonds off the counter as snacks. A party had broken out and spilled from the kitchen into the garden. The whole tableau came together there in perfect   light: a large, boisterous family bound together by business and love. Ottolenghi intercepted his son running across the grass. Adults had started to gather around the table, to seat themselves and pour one another wine. “Let’s roll up our sleeves, Max,” Ottolenghi said. “Let’s eat a lot of food. ” Recipes: Jerusalem Lamb Shawarma |    Salad | Tomato and Pomegranate Salad | Baba Ghanouj, Deconstructed | Grilled Asparagus With Caper Salsa | Baked Rice | Celebration Cake"
"title: Many Insured Children Lack Essential Health Care, Study Finds - The New York Times author: Marc Santora text: Margo Solomon has health insurance for herself and her four children. But actually getting treatment is another matter. Ms. Solomon, a    mother from the Bronx, says she has struggled to find a doctor who accepts her insurance. And with three of her children coping with asthma, and one with more complicated medical problems, locating a specialist is even more challenging. And once in the door, she cannot afford the costs, including for deductibles and medications. “I feel like I am all alone out here,” Ms. Solomon said. She is not alone. A new study to be released on Monday by the Children’s Health Fund, a nonprofit based in New York City that expands access to health care for disadvantaged children, found that one in four children in the United States did not have access to essential health care, though a record number of young people now have health insurance. The report found that 20. 3 million people in the nation under the age of 18 lack “access to care that meets modern pediatric standards. ” Guidelines issued by the American Academy of Pediatrics  say that all children should get health maintenance visits for immunizations and other preventive services management of acute and chronic medical conditions access to mental health support and dental care and have    availability of emergency services and timely access to subspecialists. While Medicaid and many private insurance plans recommend or require that all of those services be provided, under the umbrella of what is known as the medical home, the study found that millions of insured children are not receiving many of the benefits. There are many children with insurance who cannot get primary care and those who do can often have problems getting specialty care. As   Donald J. Trump, a Republican, vows to repeal some, if not all, of the Affordable Care Act, which extended health care coverage to an additional 20 million people, the report’s authors worry that even more children could have trouble receiving the care they need. “The fact that more than 20 million children in the U. S. experience insurance and noninsurance barriers to getting comprehensive and timely health care is a challenge that needs to get the   attention from the new administration,” said the report’s lead author, Dr. Irwin Redlener, president of the nonprofit Children’s Health Fund and a professor of pediatrics and health policy and management at Columbia University. Over the past two decades, the number of children without health insurance has steadily decreased to 3. 3 million last year from around 10 million in 1997, according to an analysis of federal data and the federal government’s 2015 National Health Interview Survey. The effort to extend coverage began 50 years ago with the creation of Medicaid, which provides health insurance for the poor. It continued more recently with the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which offers   coverage to those who make too much money to qualify for Medicaid and, under the Obama administration, with the Affordable Care Act, offering subsidized coverage and state exchanges. The study relied on census data and reports by federal agencies like the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, prominent medical journals, as well as information extrapolated from the fund’s clinics and from its national network of programs that provide health care to underserved children across the country. The findings reveal a system in which getting quality care is often confusing and expensive, with even those who benefit from government programs often becoming deeply frustrated. For the insured, affordability is still an issue. The report noted that   health insurance premiums for family coverage increased by 73 percent from 2003 to 2013. Employees’ contributions to the cost of the premiums climbed by 93 percent over that same period, though the rate of increase slowed after the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010. The average deductible for an individual with health insurance was 5 percent of median income in 2013, up from 2 percent in 2003, the report said. The study also cited a survey that found that 59 percent of pediatricians said they had a hard time collecting patients’ shares of deductibles and   from families covered by private   health plans. For those with Medicaid, like Ms. Solomon, difficulties in getting care have also grown. Many clinics and health systems do not accept patients with Medicaid, the study said, because of the low reimbursement rates. Ms. Solomon’s experience is typical. “When I was pregnant with my last child, I had such a hard time finding prenatal care,” she said. She called 15 to 20 doctors before finding one who took her insurance. “I mean, we would call places and they would be like, ‘We take it,’ but it turned out they didn’t,” she said. “It was so hard. ” Even something as simple as getting medicine recently for her son’s strep throat was not simple. Because of a   with her insurance card, Ms. Solomon had to cover a $20   for a prescription that should have been free, she said. The report said experiences like hers were common, both with government programs and some private insurers. “The impacts of these barriers are significant,” the report said. “Parents faced with financial barriers might seek to save money by calling their doctor for advice, rather than seeing that doctor in person rather than fill expensive prescriptions, a parent might rely on a limited supply of pharmaceutical samples. The medical debt incurred by such costs has been linked to reduced access to care, creating a vicious cycle. ” Perhaps just as significant are the barriers caused by demographics. Dr. Michael Kappy, a pediatric endocrinologist at Children’s Hospital Colorado just outside Denver, has seen the problem firsthand. Since 1996, he has traveled in Colorado, Montana and Wyoming to reach children in areas that do not have large medical centers or specialists. “My focus has been strictly speaking to solving the geographic barrier,” Dr. Kappy said. The study estimates that around 14 million children live in areas with a shortage of health professionals. More than three million   residents in New York live in federally designated  shortage areas where, among other criteria, there is less than one primary care doctor for every 3, 000 people. The Affordable Care Act sought to address that problem by expanding the National Health Service Corps, but 65 percent of rural areas still have shortages of health professionals. Dr. Kappy said one encouraging trend was the use of telemedicine, allowing for patients to be evaluated over the internet, with a local physician assistant aiding with   work. To expand and improve   options, however, the programs need to be properly reimbursed, he said, adding that programs that fund the work of doctors doing outreach to isolated communities were critical. Dr. Redlener, the study’s chief author, warned that repealing the Affordable Care Act without an adequate replacement could result in more than three million children losing their insurance. “So far,” Dr. Redlener said, “none of the proposed replacements will do anything to mitigate what children would potentially lose if the A. C. A. is actually repealed. ”"
"title: How to Use Google to Plan Your Trip - The New York Times author: Justin Sablich text: Google Maps revolutionized how you get from point A to point B. Google Trips aims to to do the same for how you vacation. The smartphone app, released on Monday, uses what it already knows about you, based on data it has collected from your Gmail account, and combines it with established features from its other offerings, like Destinations, and its large database of   reviews. The goal, as Google puts it, is to create a “personalized tour guide in your pocket. ” “We wanted to reduce the hassle and help travelers enjoy their   vacations,” Stefan Frank, the app’s product manager, wrote on Google’s blog. The app can do a lot, probably equal to what four travel apps could do, but it can’t do everything. Here’s what you need to know before setting off on your first Google trip. It’s   (Only if You Use Gmail) After setting up the app using your Gmail account, you can create your first trip  —   simply search for the destination city and put in your dates. If you’re hitting multiple cities, you can add those as well. If the app has enough of your data, you may already have the trip listed. In that case, you do not have to create a new one, just jump into the existing trip and make changes as you see fit. The app has complete guides for more than 200 major cities, and each of those has six main features: Reservations, Things to Do, Saved Places, Day Plans, Food  Drink and Getting Around. There are guides for most other cities as well, but you won’t get Day Plans and Getting Around options for those smaller locations. Reservations will show you the flight, hotel and car rental information that it collects from the Gmail account you registered with. You’ll need to forward any reservations made using your work email to your Gmail account if you want those to show up. It’s also worth noting that you cannot make reservations directly from the app  —   it shows only the reservations you already made. I had nothing definite planned, but for testing’s sake, I tried out a hypothetical trip to Boston. Things to Do is a good place to start. It recommends destinations broken down by category, from the simple “Indoors” vs. “Outdoors” to   labels like “Newbury Street Shops” and   ones like “Selfie Spots. ” If you see something you like, hit the star icon and it’ll add it to your Saved Places. This breakdown and the ability to save will look familiar to anyone who has used Gogobot. Day Plans are suggested themed itineraries. For example, Historic Boston has 10 sites mapped out, each one including all of the information you’d see if you found it on Google search (reviews, open and close time) and the travel time between each stop. Food  Drink will give you a basic overview of the area’s specialties, and then suggest establishments based on categories like “” “food with a view,” “cocktail specialists” and many more. Getting Around has all the transportation information you could think of. You get all of your airport options, from public transportation directions to costs of taxis. It’s a   You’ve probably already saved some dough by using the offline feature on Google Maps. You can do the same here by downloading each trip to your phone. And all the information will be accessible even if you’re not connected to the internet or to cellular service. You won’t need to eat into your data with Google Trips, or be stuck if your vacation is in a remote location with no cell service. Using the app with a data or   connection does have a few perks. If the weather takes a turn for the worse, the app will suggest indoor activities. It’ll also show whether a place is open or closed in real time. But you’re not missing much in offline mode. It’s Customizable  If you’re strapped for time, the suggested Day Plans seem to have something for everyone. But you can also customize each recommended plan by adding or deleting stops, or create one from scratch. The app will also suggest places to visit based on what it knows about you (which, by now, is a lot). It had Fenway Park on the top of my “For You” list, since it has rightfully concluded that I’m a baseball fan. Then again, “Boston With Kids” was another suggested Day Plan and I don’t have any of those. It’s Kind of Creepy Before you create your first trip, you’ll see some of your previous trips that you didn’t even share. That’s because it has already pulled in information from your Gmail account, so it knows which hotels you stayed in and where you rented a car from and stores this information under Reservations. This could be useful if you plan on returning some day. But if you’d rather not have the stroll down memory lane, you can delete previous trips quite easily. It’s also not perfect. Occasional suggestions miss the mark. Also, I recently returned from a weekend away and it had this week blocked off for me as a trip to New York, which is where I live. It’s Free There is no fine print here. As long as you don’t consider the fact that Google now has a new way of using your data as a price to pay, there is no monetary charge for using the app. This is significant if you compare it to similar travel apps like TripIt, which costs $49 per year for its premium service."
"title: What It’s Like to Make It in Showbiz With Your Best Friend - The New York Times author: Michael Paulson text: They met at 18, the worst dancers in a college ballet class, and sought refuge in a basement practice room, taking a first stab at songwriting with a tune about adolescents playing hooky and footsie at a suburban diner. They went viral before going viral was a thing  —   their undergraduate years coincided with the birth of Facebook, and the first song cycle Benj Pasek and Justin Paul wrote, called “Edges,” was discovered, shared and performed by musical theater majors around the country. Now, at the age of 31, after a decade of being touted as promising,    and    Pasek and Paul have arrived. Their first original musical, “Dear Evan Hansen,” a daringly   show that explores the charged interplay between collective grief and social media after a misconstrued high school suicide, begins previews Monday, Nov. 14 and is generating prize chatter even before it opens on Broadway Dec. 4. Five days later, their first   Hollywood movie, “La La Land,” a romantic Ryan   Stone musical fantasia for which they wrote the lyrics, opens that film was the hit of this year’s festival circuit. But that’s not all. In an era in which the film and television industries are showing a renewed interest in musicals, they have written all the songs for a movie starring Hugh Jackman  —   a P. T. Barnum biopic called “The Greatest Showman”  —   which is now in rehearsal and scheduled for release late next year by 20th Century Fox. Disney has hired them to write new songs for a   remake of “Snow White. ” Oh, and they even have a song in “Trolls,” the DreamWorks Animation comedy that opened early this month. “I love them,” said Robert Greenblatt, the chairman of NBC Entertainment, who hired the pair to write three songs for the television show “Smash,” and became so enamored that he is now a   on “Dear Evan Hansen. ” “To me, they’re the future of the musical, on stage or screen. ” Musical theater history is peopled by   pairings. And even before they graduated from the University of Michigan, Pasek and Paul  —   that’s the branding they fell into as    their surnames in alphabetical order  —   have been prospectively placed in the pantheon. “Rodgers  Hart. Lerner  Loewe. Pasek  Paul? It has a nice ring to it,” said a university publication in 2006. They are handsome and charming,   and exuberant, observant, obsessive, and, of course, neurotic. Mr. Pasek writes words, and Mr. Paul writes music, but they have opted, right from the beginning, to share credit for both elements of their songs. They estimate that they spend 350 days a year together, for six to 12 hours at a stretch, sending texts and video clips back and forth when they are not in the same room, and even sometimes when they are. “Everything that we’ve studied and loved has all built to get to be in a moment like this,” Mr. Paul said during a joint interview at Sardi’s, surrounded by caricatures of the industry’s greatest talents. “Our goal was always, if we could just write songs and tell stories, and get to do that every day, that’s our dream. ” [A Pasek and Paul primer: six videos to watch] Although their sensibility is contemporary, they are deeply rooted in the musical theater tradition, and their sound is somewhere on the border between show tunes and pop  —   they are not part of the   revolution on Broadway. They have proven especially deft at musicalizing emotional yearning: The 11 o’clock number in “Dear Evan Hansen” is a poignant effort by an apologetic single mother (Rachel Bay Jones) to comfort her disconsolate son (Ben Platt). In “La La Land,” the climactic song is a stirring recollection by an aspiring actress (Ms. Stone) reflecting on inspiration at a casting call. “I think we’re attracted to material that’s hopeful and messy, and in that mess, there’s an attempt at getting at truth,” Mr. Pasek said. They are, on the surface, quite different from each other. Mr. Paul, who lives in Harlem, is a churchgoing Christian from Westport, Conn. straight married and the father of a    daughter. Mr. Pasek, who grew up in Ardmore, Pa. and now lives on the Upper West Side, is gay, Jewish and single. But they both began as little boys who loved to sing. Mr. Paul, a talented pianist, started early. At age 3, he was singing gospel music with his father, a pastor, in church. Later, he sang and danced at senior centers with Music Theater of Connecticut and then, at Staples High School, he performed in “Into the Woods,” conducted the orchestra in “Hello, Dolly!” and spent his free time poring over Broadway “fake books,” which help pianists master melodies. Mr. Pasek also sang with a parent: His mother is a developmental psychologist and professor with a propensity for bursting into song. (“She’s like a   musical theater character, in the best possible way,” he said.) She wrote and performed songs from a child’s point of view (“They were a big hit on the synagogue circuit,” he said) and he remembers guest starring with her at about age 7. Mr. Pasek sang and traveled with the Philadelphia Boys Choir  Chorale, and then, as a student at Friends Central School, performed in musicals including “Bye Bye Birdie” and “42nd Street. ” They compare themselves to brothers, who bicker and bond, knowing their relationship will endure. A recent fight, over whose bad habits were to blame for their difficulty replacing the final first act song in “Dear Evan Hansen,” sent Mr. Pasek stalking out of their Columbus Circle studio into the street, but then, 10 minutes later, calling Mr. Paul for a lengthy   that prompted the pair to ditch the disputed number and start over. Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul met the summer before college, at a freshman orientation weekend, and connected over a shared sense of humor, a passion for the work of Jason Robert Brown and an obsession with “Merrily We Roll Along. ” (The title “Edges” alludes to a “Merrily” lyric.) Mr. Pasek wanted to record some songs he had written as a high school senior, and he recruited Mr. Paul as an arranger and accompanist with that, their collaboration began. They mined their own experiences, and those of their friends, for material, acting out songs as they wrote. “I kept watching them observe the social experiment of college and find ways to articulate it,” said Nick Blaemire, a fellow Michigan student who is now an actor in New York, recalling a night when he told Mr. Pasek about his difficulty expressing love to a girlfriend, and seeing that become “I Hmm You. ” Raised in the digital age, and aware of the role social media played in fueling their popularity, they have demonstrated an ease promoting their work  —   at first with CDs and a homespun tour of “Edges,” and more recently with producers, performers and journalists  —   that has served them well. “They’re salesmen, and always have been  —   they know how to explain what they’re doing and why they’re doing it,” Mr. Blaemire said. Michael Gracey, the director of “The Greatest Showman,” had imagined asking a number of songwriters to contribute songs to his film, but, as he talked with Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul about the movie, abandoned that plan to give them all the work. He even videotaped their songwriting sessions, convinced that they would be of significance for posterity. “I can’t even begin to describe the enormous impact those two have had on this film,” he said. The director of “La La Land,” Damien Chazelle, had a similar experience: He was looking for seasoned lyricists who could write words for songs composed by Justin Hurwitz when Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul, seeking the gig, gave him proposed lyrics for a song called “City of Stars. ” That became a signature number. “It was screamingly obvious that we had stumbled onto a gold mine with these guys, and we brought them on right away,” Mr. Chazelle said. Their promise was evident as soon as they started writing together. Brent Wagner, the emeritus chairman of the musical theater program at the University of Michigan, still remembers the night in 2005 when Mr. Blaemire, then a junior, persuaded him to stop by the Kerrytown Concert House in Ann Arbor to see “Edges. ” “It was a youthful work, and it wasn’t completely advanced  —   there wasn’t even music written down  —   but it was marvelous, and at that moment, you knew you were in the midst of real talent and real understanding of theater craft,” Mr. Wagner said. “By the time they left school,” he said, “we knew it would just be a matter of time. ” Jeff Marx, the Tony     of “Avenue Q,” was equally convinced  —   so sure that he placed a bet on them. A Michigan alumnus, he had taken on Mr. Pasek as an assistant in the summer of 2005. (“I looked at his Friendster profile and he seemed like a nice kid. ”) The next year, when Mr. Pasek asked to return, Mr. Marx told him he needed to stop interning and focus on writing shows with Mr. Paul. Mr. Paul couldn’t afford to write full time  —   he needed to earn money for school  —   but Mr. Marx was so intent that he offered to give Mr. Paul money in lieu of what he would have earned from a summer job. Then, when Mr. Paul said he was unwilling to accept charity, Mr. Marx repositioned his offer as a wager, staking him $7, 000, to be repaid only if Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul made it to Broadway within the next decade. It happened, but in an unexpected way. They had a frustrating experience adapting the Roald Dahl children’s book “James and the Giant Peach,” which was mounted at Goodspeed Musicals in 2010, and has been revised since. They remain proud of their songs, and the show is still being produced at small theaters, but the Dahl estate has decided to restrict professional productions to make room for a different adaptation. Their musical version of the 1991 film “Dogfight” was presented at Second Stage, Off Broadway, in 2012, and was generally admired, but not well enough to make the leap to Broadway. But after the initial songwriter for the adaptation of the 1983 family film “A Christmas Story” was let go, they were brought in  —   and nominated for a Tony Award  —   when the show, which was developed to tour, ended up transferring to Broadway in 2012. Six years after Mr. Marx’s bet, Mr. Paul handed him a check at the opening night party. “My money was safe,” Mr. Marx said. Other mentors have stepped in, too. Stephen Schwartz, the writer of “Pippin” and “Wicked,” has been advising them since Mr. Paul met him as an undergraduate. Mr. Schwartz recommended them to Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty (“Ragtime”) who admitted them to a Dramatists Guild fellowship. Ms. Ahrens and Mr. Flaherty assigned them to observe the development of “Next to Normal,” where they met the director Michael Greif (best known for “Rent”) who is now directing “Dear Evan Hansen. ” The new show was borne from an observation Mr. Pasek had about how his own high school community reacted when a former student died unexpectedly he noted the desire of many, including himself, to be counted among the bereaved for someone they did not know well. Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul had talked about the idea for years when a producer, Stacey Mindich, who had helped commission “Dogfight,” offered to finance their dream project. She introduced them to the work of a playwright, Steven Levenson, who became the “Dear Evan Hansen” book writer, turning their musings into a narrative. The show, developed through   productions last year at Arena Stage in Washington and this year Off Broadway at Second Stage, features a   performance by the    Mr. Platt (“Pitch Perfect”). As a high school student he had discovered Pasek and Paul via YouTube, and sang one of the “Edges” songs at a senior concert. (Mr. Platt is not the only Pasek and Paul fan in his family  —   his father, Marc Platt, is the producer of “La La Land” and “Snow White. ”) The duo’s work demonstrates an understanding of the contemporary lives of teenagers, but several of their collaborators have also been struck by their empathy for parents. “The insight they seem to have into the heart of a   mother has been there as long as I’ve known them,” said Ms. Jones, who has played Pasek and Paul mothers in “A Christmas Story” and “Dear Evan Hansen. ” “They use these tiny moments to describe enormous feelings that have no words  —   a lyric about a Ninja Turtle   or glow stars on the ceiling,” she said, referring to a song that was used during the early stages of “Dear Evan Hansen. ” Both Ms. Jones and Mr. Platt distinctly remember the day Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul brought in a new song, “So   Small,” in which her character describes the impact of the breakup of her marriage on his character’s childhood. “It makes you die inside because it’s so real,” she said. Mr. Platt agreed. “Everybody was a big wreck. ” As they now prepare for the openings of the musical and movie, Mr. Pasek and Mr. Paul describe what looks like sudden success as largely a coincidence. They have been working on “Dear Evan Hansen” for six years, they finished writing songs for “Trolls” and “La La Land” more than a year ago, and they haven’t yet begun work on “Snow White. ” But still  —   on one particularly busy recent day, they started in Dumbo, Brooklyn, at 8:30 a. m. for a “Greatest Showman” script meeting traveled to Midtown to tweak “Dear Evan Hansen” arrangements with their orchestrator, Alex Lacamoire split up so Mr. Paul could go to a Chelsea studio to record tracks for “Showman” while Mr. Pasek sat in on auditions for Mr. Platt’s understudy went to MoMA for a screening of “La La Land” hosted by Jennifer Lawrence and then to an   at the Rainbow Room’s Bar SixtyFive. Most days aren’t nearly that varied or that glamorous. And at the start of each project, it is still the two of them, trying to figure out how to tell a story through music. “Nothing changes  —   the next time we have to write a song we’re going to sit down at a piano and bang our heads against it for a long time and talk ourselves blue in the face about what it should be,” Mr. Paul said. Mr. Pasek jumped in, finishing the thought: “Facing the blank page doesn’t get any easier. ”"
"title: Want to See ‘Hamilton’ in a City Near You? Buy a Subscription and Wait Two Years - The New York Times author: Michael Paulson text: “Hamilton” is about to hit the road. And, more than a year before it arrives in many cities, theaters around the country are trying to convert the hunger for tickets into subscriptions and memberships. In many cities, theaters are encouraging potential patrons to subscribe to their   seasons, even though “Hamilton” won’t arrive until the following season, with the promise that those who subscribe now  —   and then renew  —   will be guaranteed “Hamilton” tickets and can lock in their chosen subscription seats. The strategy is   because the theaters acknowledge that some tickets will ultimately be available for sale to nonsubscribers. Given the widespread publicity over the scarcity of tickets to the Broadway production of “Hamilton,” though, many theatergoers appear unwilling to risk facing a   show in their hometowns. “In my 38 years of being involved with selling tickets for various activities, I don’t believe there has ever been this kind of ‘but how do I get  ’ conversation,” said Deborah F. Rutter, the president of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington. “Hamilton” is scheduled to be at the Kennedy Center for 14 weeks in the summer of 2018 on Wednesday, the center started selling tickets for its   season, with the promise that anyone who subscribes that season, and renews next, will be guaranteed tickets. The effort to goad people into subscribing for two years to get tickets to the show prompted criticism in The Washington Post from a blogger, who called it a “quite high entrance fee,” and from a letter writer, who criticized what she called “extortionist prices. ” Ms. Rutter said there would be tickets available for purchase to nonsubscribers, but that it only made sense to reach out to try to bolster subscriptions first. “People have accused us of gouging, but it’s not gouging  —   if you want to be first in line, the best way to do that is to be a subscriber,” Ms. Rutter said. The strategy is already proving a significant boon to theaters where “Hamilton” will be staged  —   some are nonprofits, and some are commercial enterprises, but all depend on subscriptions or memberships as important elements of their budgets. Many arts groups have hard times sustaining subscription bases as consumers gravitate toward more à la carte and   planning for their cultural activities. “We live and breathe by the subscription model,” said Lauren Reid, chief executive of the theater unit at Key Brand Entertainment, which brings shows to 40 stages in North America through its Broadway Across America subsidiary. Ms. Reid said she had never seen as high a level of consumer awareness about a new show as for “Hamilton” consequently, she added, every theater expecting “Hamilton” is “teasing” it early to promote subscriptions. “The bottom line is ‘Hamilton’ is really good for our industry,” she said. “It’s an event, and it’s a cultural moment, and it’s unusual that we have an opportunity like this to highlight something special. ” The tactic is working. In Chicago, the first city outside New York where “Hamilton” will be seen (starting on Sept. 27) Broadway in Chicago has sold out its fall subscription package for the first time, according to Lou Raizin, the organization’s president. The company has not yet started selling tickets to nonsubscribers  —   and there will be many such tickets available, because the show plans to stay in Chicago as long as sales are healthy. But, Mr. Raizin said: “We believe there will be very strong demand. You’d have to be hiding under a rock not to have that opinion. ” In San Francisco, where “Hamilton” is expected to run at the SHN Orpheum Theater for 21 weeks, starting next March, SHN, which operates two locations in the city, expects to have 40, 000 members enroll for its   season, up from the usual 20, 000 to 23, 000. “‘Hamilton’ has been an incredible driver for membership sales,” said Greg Holland, SHN’s chief executive. Also noteworthy, Mr. Holland said, was that 80 percent of the new membership buyers were   visitors to the company’s website. In Iowa, Des Moines Performing Arts has said that “Hamilton” will come for an unspecified length of time at unspecified dates during the   season, but that has been enough to cause a spike in subscriptions to the coming season. “We’ve more than doubled the number of new season tickets purchased compared to a year ago, and our renewal rate is shooting up to the levels we always aspire to,” said Jeff Chelesvig, the center’s president and chief executive. “Our goal is 11, 000 subscribers, and I have no doubt we’ll plow through that. ” The lead producer of “Hamilton,” Jeffrey Seller, said he was aware that theaters were using the promise of a future production of the show to market   subscriptions. “I’m O. K. with it  —   it’s good for the theater in general,” he said. “The only thing I don’t want anyone to say is that if you don’t buy a subscription, you won’t be able to get a ticket, because there will be single tickets. They won’t sell out through subscriptions. ” The Broadway production of “Hamilton,” which has been essentially sold out since it opened last August, is expected to continue to run for years. The show is planning to visit other cities through two additional productions: the one that will open in Chicago this fall and stay there indefinitely, and the one that will begin in San Francisco next March and then tour. Thus far, tour stops, often without specific dates or duration, have been announced for Atlanta Boston Costa Mesa, Calif. Des Moines Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Portland, Ore. Seattle Tempe, Ariz. and Washington. “Hamilton” is also planning a fourth production, in London, but that has not yet been officially announced."
"title: CNN Cuts Feed After Senator Objects to Clinton Foundation Atty Joining ’Independent’ Counsel - Breitbart author: Joel B. Pollak text: CNN cut away from a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on Tuesday morning, seconds after Sen. Lindsey Graham ( ) raised concerns that Special Counsel Robert Mueller had hired a former Clinton Foundation attorney to assist with the probe into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. [Graham was questioning Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who was sitting in for Attorney General Jeff Sessions.  Democrats have long accused the Trump campaign of colluding with Russia, though no evidence has emerged. There is also speculation that Special Counsel Mueller will probe allegations of obstruction of justice against President Donald Trump. Earlier this week, reports emerged that Mueller had hired attorneys for his investigative team who had donated to Hillary Clinton in the past, and one in particular who had represented the Clinton Foundation in its effort to block Freedom of Information Act requests for   on Clinton’s private server. Graham: Is giving political donations a reason to disqualify somebody for serving in the Special Counsel’s office? Rosenstein: No, Senator, it is not a disqualification. It is not. Graham: As a matter of fact, many states, the judges and prosecutors are actually elected. Donations are a part of that system, is that correct? Rosenstein: Yes, that’s true. Graham: Would it be a disqualification for somebody in the Special Counsel’s office who had represented Mrs. Clinton in the past to serve? Rosenstein: You know, Senator, it would depend on facts and circumstances. As a general matter, I think the answer is no. Graham: Isn’t that much closer to a conflict of interest? Rosenstein: I don’t want to answer a hypothetical, Senator. Everybody needs to make a determination based on the facts and circumstances of the individual case. Graham: How would you get it before the Special Counsel? What process could a member of the Senate use to inform the Special Counsel that you’d have a concern about hiring someone that represented Clinton? Rosenstein: We have a process within the Department of Justice, Senator, so I would encourage you, if you have those concerns, to raise them with [former] Director Mueller or to raise them with me, and I’ll make sure  —   Graham: So should I do it to you or to him? Rosenstein: Well, you could do it to both. Graham: Okay. That’s fair enough. Rosenstein: And we have career  —   Graham: And I don’t know if I’ll do that, but I’ve read some things that were  —   I don’t think donations are disqualifying at all, but if you represented the Clinton Foundation or Clinton herself, that would be disturbing to me, but I’ll take care of that. CNN cut back to the studio shortly after that, while Graham was still questioning Rosenstein. Earlier, Graham had asked Rosenstein whether there was “any reason, for cause, to fire Mr. Mueller. ” Rosenstein had said he did not know of any reason. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"title: Ads Focus on Relief From the Presidential Campaign - The New York Times author: Sapna Maheshwari text: HEFTY is “trashing” the campaign, Excedrin is curing headaches caused by the caustic debates, and Ringling Brothers wants to remind the public that it is the real circus, despite what the last few months may have seemed like. In previous election years, it was not unusual for brands to create ads that lightly poked fun at the political process or went heavy on patriotism and optimism. Now, marketers have a new focus when connecting with voters: fatigue and disillusionment. “Whether you’re completely conservative or more liberal, it’s kind of like everybody’s sick of this conversation and the low trashy depths that this election has gone to,” said Jason Peterson, chief creative officer of Havas North America, which oversees Hefty’s advertising. People visiting the CNN and Fox News websites in the last few days may have noticed stark black banner ads with white letters declaring, “This political ad has been trashed thanks to Hefty. ” Hefty, the trash bag maker, seized on the five days leading up to Election Day to run such ads across several major political news sites and   videos on YouTube. Its hope is to curry favor with Americans by shielding them from additional political messaging after a long, vitriolic presidential race. “People are almost demanding this kind of relief,” Mr. Peterson said. It is perhaps harder now to make light of the election as businesses have during previous campaigns, as when JetBlue offered international trips to voters whose candidate lost, Pizza Hut stitched together debate clips to highlight how cheap its pizza was or Snickers ran cheeky “Don’t Vote Hungry” ads. Tecate, the Mexican beer label, was seen as poking fun at Donald J. Trump with its recent commercial featuring a “Tecate beer wall,” a   ledge to rest beers on, even though the brand said the ad was nonpartisan. Indeed, the appetite for humor seems low in an environment where both Skittles and Tic Tac had to issue formal statements within weeks of each another distancing themselves from untoward mentions by the Trump campaign. So come the new tactics. Hefty said its digital campaign, which started on Thursday and will run through Tuesday, was built on the belief that “Americans hate political ads. ” Just last month, the American Psychological Association said that 52 percent of American adults cited the presidential election as a “very or somewhat significant source of stress” in a survey conducted by Harris Poll. And the final   New York   News Poll released late last week showed that more than eight in 10 voters said the campaign had left them repulsed rather than excited. Excedrin, on the day of the third and final presidential debate last month, promoted the hashtag #DebateHeadache on Twitter, saying, “Debates bring headaches Excedrin brings fast headache relief. ” The brand tweeted out statistics from a survey it conducted throughout the day, including one that said 73 percent of Americans would experience   headaches this year. The product, given its focus on relieving head pain, doesn’t generally have the opportunity to “speak on a larger scale,” especially during a presidential election, said Scott Yacovino, a senior brand manager for Excedrin and the United States pain business at GlaxoSmithKline. This situation was a “perfect storm,” he said. “Even during the first debate, there was a lot of organic chatter around people getting headaches and the election causing headaches,” Mr. Yacovino said. “We thought we could bring our benefit to folks no matter what their political affiliations are. ” Another ad campaign born out of election fatigue came from Ringling Brothers and Barnum  Bailey last month, which officially denounced the use of the term circus to refer to this year’s presidential race. Its social media tracking tool showed that between Oct. 15 and Oct. 24, the terms “circus” or “clowns” were used to describe the election or candidates an average of almost 4, 000 times a day. As part of its effort to “Take Back the Circus,” the company made a humorous video featuring several performers expressing their indignation over misuse of the terms. In one scene, a ringmaster turned to the camera and said, “People keep calling candidates clowns. ” A clown by his side responded, “But we’re real clowns, and we take clowning seriously. ” Hefty’s banner ads have appeared on CNN, Fox News, AOL, and the Huffington Post’s politics page. Hefty’s YouTube ads will be aimed at people tracking the election, especially in swing states like North Carolina and Pennsylvania. The company’s agency said its purchase guaranteed at least 40 million page views across the sites. “We did pick out media buys based upon where more of the trashy politics are going on and more in the swing states where it’s getting heated,” Mr. Peterson said. He added: “What I really love about it and what I think consumers appreciate in advertising is when you’re able to offer them a utility to what they’re feeling. And to me, people are sick and tired. ”"
"title: Facebook Said to Create Censorship Tool to Get Back Into China - The New York Times author: Mike Isaac text: SAN FRANCISCO  —   Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook’s chief executive, has cultivated relationships with China’s leaders, including President Xi Jinping. He has paid multiple visits to the country to meet its top internet executives. He has made an effort to learn Mandarin. Inside Facebook, the work to enter China runs far deeper. The social network has quietly developed software to suppress posts from appearing in people’s news feeds in specific geographic areas, according to three current and former Facebook employees, who asked for anonymity because the tool is confidential. The feature was created to help Facebook get into China, a market where the social network has been blocked, these people said. Mr. Zuckerberg has supported and defended the effort, the people added. Facebook has restricted content in other countries before, such as Pakistan, Russia and Turkey, in keeping with the typical practice of American internet companies that generally comply with government requests to block certain content after it is posted. Facebook blocked roughly 55, 000 pieces of content in about 20 countries between July 2015 and December 2015, for example. But the new feature takes that a step further by preventing content from appearing in feeds in China in the first place. Facebook does not intend to suppress the posts itself. Instead, it would offer the software to enable a third party  —   in this case, most likely a partner Chinese company  —   to monitor popular stories and topics that bubble up as users share them across the social network, the people said. Facebook’s partner would then have full control to decide whether those posts should show up in users’ feeds. The current and former Facebook employees caution that the software is one of many ideas the company has discussed with respect to entering China and, like many experiments inside Facebook, it may never see the light of day. The feature, whose code is visible to engineers inside the company, has so far gone unused, and there is no indication that Facebook has offered it to the authorities in China. But the project illustrates the extent to which Facebook may be willing to compromise one of its core mission statements, “to make the world more open and connected,” to gain access to a market of 1. 4 billion Chinese people. Even as Facebook faces pressure to continue growing  —   Mr. Zuckerberg has often asked where the company’s next billion users will come from  —   China has been cordoned off to the social network since 2009 because of the government’s strict rules around censorship of user content. The suppression software has been contentious within Facebook, which is separately grappling with what should or should not be shown to its users after the American presidential election’s unexpected outcome spurred questions over fake news on the social network. Several employees who were working on the project have left Facebook after expressing misgivings about it, according to the current and former employees. A Facebook spokeswoman said in a statement, “We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country. ” She added that the company had made no decisions on its approach into China. Facebook’s tricky position underscores the difficulties that many American internet companies have had gaining access to China. For years, companies like Google and Twitter have been blocked there for refusing to yield to the government’s demands around censorship. In 2010, Google said it was directing users of its search engine in China to its service in Hong Kong, because of censorship and intrusion from hackers. Other companies, like the professional social networking service LinkedIn, agreed to censor some content on their platforms in China. The current climate for internet companies in China may not help Facebook. In August, the   giant Uber gave up an expensive battle to crack the Chinese market, selling its Chinese business to an incumbent rival, Didi Chuxing. More broadly, China has streamlined and tightened its controls over the internet under President Xi, targeting influential social media celebrities and adding new reviews to popular online video sites. Still, some officials responsible for China’s tech policy have been willing to entertain the idea of Facebook’s operating in the country. It would legitimize China’s strict style of internet governance, and if done according to official standards, would enable easy tracking of political opinions deemed problematic. Even so, resistance remains at the top levels of Chinese leadership. Some analysts have said Facebook’s best option is to follow a model laid out by other internet companies and cooperate with a local company or investor. Finding a partner  —   and potentially allowing it to own a majority stake in Facebook’s China operation  —   would take the burden of censorship and surveillance off the Silicon Valley company. It would also let Facebook rely on a local company’s government connections and experience to deal with the difficult task of communicating with Beijing. Facebook and Chinese officials have had intermittent talks in the last few years about the social network’s entering the market, according to employees who were involved in the discussions, though the two sides have been unable to reach a compromise. Facebook currently sells advertising for some Chinese businesses from its Hong Kong office. Among its customers are   sites that act as the propaganda arm of the Chinese government, and that operate official accounts where they post articles. Chinese citizens who wish to gain access to Facebook must tunnel in using a technology known as a virtual private network, or VPN. It’s unclear when the suppression tool originated, but the project picked up momentum in the last year, as engineers were plucked from other parts of Facebook to work on the effort, the current and former employees said. The project was led by Vaughan Smith, a vice president for mobile, corporate and business development at Facebook, they said. Like Mr. Zuckerberg, Mr. Smith speaks a smattering of Mandarin. Unveiling a new censorship tool in China could lead to more demands to suppress content from other countries. The   problem, which has hit countries across the globe, has already led some governments to use the issue as an excuse to target sites of political rivals, or shut down social media sites altogether. Over the summer, several Facebook employees who were working on the suppression tool left the company, the current and former employees said. Internally, so many employees asked about the project and its ambitions on an internal forum that, in July, it became a topic at one of Facebook’s weekly Friday afternoon    sessions. Mr. Zuckerberg was at the event and answered a question from the audience about the tool. He told the gathering that Facebook’s China plans were nascent. But he also struck a pragmatic tone about the future, according to employees who attended the session. “It’s better for Facebook to be a part of enabling conversation, even if it’s not yet the full conversation,” Mr. Zuckerberg said, according to employees."
"title: Emory University to Pay for ’100 Percent’ of Undocumented Students’ Financial Aid - Breitbart author: Tom Ciccotta text: Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia, has announced that they will fund ‘100 percent’ of financial aid packages for students that are in the country illegally. [Although international students are expected to pay full tuition, undocumented undergraduate students at Emory will have “100% of demonstrated financial need” covered by the university.  “Emory meets 100% of demonstrated financial need for undergraduate Undocumented Students (with or without DACA) who are admitted as      students, and who graduated from a U. S. High school through a combination of grants and scholarships, institutional work study (DACA students only) and institutional loans. Undocumented Students without DACA status may receive an institutional loan in place of the typical work study award,” the university’s website states. Speaking to The College Fix, Megan McRainey, a spokeswoman for Emory, claimed that providing full financial aid relief to undocumented students reflects the university’s commitment to welcoming students from diverse backgrounds. “Emory accepts undocumented students for admission and financial aid, including those under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) program,” McRainey wrote, adding that providing financial aid coverage to undocumented students aligns with Emory’s goal of welcoming “students, faculty, and staff from diverse backgrounds. ” International students, who are not afforded the same aid privileges as undocumented students, will be forced to foot a $70, 000 per year tuition bill if they wish to attend the prestigious Georgian university. In 2016, Breitbart News reported that students at Emory claimed that they were scared and “in pain” after students wrote   chalk messages on the university’s sidewalks. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"title: Trump Fires Adviser’s Son From Transition for Spreading Fake News - The New York Times author: Matthew Rosenberg, Maggie Haberman and Eric Schmitt text: WASHINGTON  —     Donald J. Trump on Tuesday fired one of his transition team’s staff members, Michael G. Flynn, the son of Mr. Trump’s choice for national security adviser, for using Twitter to spread a fake news story about Hillary Clinton that led to an armed confrontation in a pizza restaurant in Washington. The uproar over Mr. Flynn’s Twitter post cast a harsh spotlight on the views that he and his father, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, aired on social media throughout the presidential campaign. Both men have shared fake news stories alleging that Mrs. Clinton committed felonies, and have posted their own Twitter messages that at times have crossed  into Islamophobia. But their social media musings apparently attracted little attention from Mr. Trump or his transition team before a North Carolina man fired a rifle on Sunday inside Comet Ping Pong, which was the subject of false stories tying it and the Clinton campaign to a child sex trafficking ring. Hours after the episode, the younger Mr. Flynn, 33, went on Twitter to say that until “Pizzagate” was proved false, it remained a story. On Tuesday morning, after the post had attracted national attention and it was reported that Mr. Flynn had a transition team email address, Vice   Mike Pence denied that Mr. Flynn had ever worked for the team, saying on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that he had “no involvement in the transition whatsoever. ” But later in the morning, Jason Miller, a transition spokesman, tacitly acknowledged that Mr. Flynn had worked for the transition, saying in a conference call that Mr. Flynn was now no longer involved. Mr. Miller did not say what prompted the dismissal of Mr. Flynn, but two other Trump transition officials said it was tied to his Twitter posting. The move may have cost the younger Mr. Flynn an eventual post in the White House. Until Tuesday, he had planned to join his father on the staff of the National Security Council and had even started the process of getting a security clearance, according to an acquaintance who spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid upsetting the Flynns. Despite the younger Mr. Flynn’s abrupt removal from the transition team, there was no indication that Mr. Trump was reconsidering his choice of General Flynn, 57, a former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, to serve as national security adviser. But beyond the tight circle around Mr. Trump, there were growing concerns in Washington about General Flynn’s fitness for the job, fueled by talk of his  temperament, his conspiratorial worldview and his own incendiary Twitter postings. Many Democrats were openly critical from the moment the appointment was announced last month, and several prominent Republican national security officials also quietly voiced concerns. Now, with Mr. Flynn under growing scrutiny, some are beginning to speak publicly. “The national security adviser should have a moderating effect on the instincts of the president, and it remains to be seen if Mike can do that,” Michael V. Hayden, a former director of both the C. I. A. and the National Security Agency, said in a telephone interview on Tuesday. The role of national security adviser calls for mediating the conflicting views of cabinet secretaries and agencies, and sifting fact from speculation and rumor to help the new president decide how the United States should react to international crises. It is a job that is likely to take on greater importance for Mr. Trump, who has no experience in defense or foreign policy issues and has a habit of making broad assertions that are not based in fact. General Flynn, too, has shown similar inclinations both on Twitter and in his previous jobs in the military. At the Defense Intelligence Agency, his staff members even coined their own name for his sometimes dubious assertions: “Flynn facts. ” “He has regularly engaged in the reckless public promotion of conspiracy theories that have no basis in fact, with disregard for the risks that giving credence to those theories could pose to the public,” Representative Adam Smith of Washington, the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, said on Tuesday. “Someone who is so oblivious to the facts, or intentionally ignorant of them, should not be entrusted with policy decisions that affect the safety of the American people,” Mr. Smith added. For now, General Flynn appears to be weathering the criticism, which has been far harsher than that directed at other Trump nominees, by keeping a relatively low profile since the election. He has not given interviews  —   he did not respond to requests for comment  —   and he has kept his Twitter posts relatively tame, publishing patriotic messages on Veterans Day and more recently praising Mr. Trump’s selection of Gen. James N. Mattis, a retired Marine, for defense secretary. His son, in contrast, showed no such restraint in the weeks before he was fired, regularly posting on Twitter about conspiracy theories involving Mrs. Clinton and her campaign staff well after the election. He continued to push his support for the fake news about Comet Ping Pong after his messages on Twitter about Sunday’s episode began attracting widespread attention. It was not until shortly before 3:30 p. m. Monday that he went silent on Twitter. In one of the last messages he posted, he shared a post from another Twitter user who sought to spread a conspiracy theory that sprang up on the   fringes after the shooting: that the suspect arrested at Comet Ping Pong, Edgar M. Welch, 28, of Salisbury, N. C. was actually an actor, and that the episode was a hoax cooked up to discredit the claim of a sex trafficking ring at the restaurant."
"title: The Tyranny of Other People’s Vacation Photos - The New York Times author: Henry Alford text: Chief among my favorite Facebook memories is the time that a   journalist of my acquaintance breezily informed us all that he was at the Grill Room of the Four Seasons with Ted Danson, tucking into some sea urchin. To which one friend responded, “That’s funny, because I’m at the Midtown tunnel with Rhea Perlman, eating shawarma. ” While some frequent users of social media are merely fabulous, others savvily buff their fabulousness to a dazzling gleam, becoming fahvolous. At no point in the year is this more evident than in August and early September, when Facebook and Instagram swell with the plump, juicy,   harvest of summer: vacation photos. What prompts the excessive posting of these pictures? William Haynes, a    comedian who hosts the SourceFed show “People Be Like,” said: “I like how my generation is all about sharing. What’s the point of having a vacation unless you can tell people about it immediately? If you can get a few Instagram photos out of it, you’ve made your money back. ” Indeed, the motivation behind many fahvolous vacation photos would seem to be a rationalization of large expenditures for the purpose of recreation: a $6, 000 beach rental ought to bring you $6, 000 worth of pleasure, and maybe posting a photo will get the dopamine flowing. But one can detect other motives, too: a   attempt at   a neurotic attempt to thank your host, a need for constant scrutiny. Noxious selfie sticks now seem like nothing compared to the sophisticated camera filters that can turn an   strawberry patch into a brooding welter of   chiaroscuro. Some people even hire professional photographers to take their vacation snaps for them. In the future, it may be unsurprising at a lakeside picnic to hear a   nephew turn to his Aunt Marjorie and ask: “What’s your day rate?” Equally jarring, some Instagram and Facebook users seem to want us to know that their summer is more inherently summery than ours: more barefoot, more glistening, more  . These folks are biting into the fresh fig of life, and this biting produces carefree laughter. My natural habitat is an oceanside bonfire where a Viggo Mortensen   strums a weathered guitar! All backyards are enlivened by a spray of    girls in sundresses! Everything I eat in August is cooked on a stick! While it’s fairly easy to categorize the photographically incontinent under the headlines Narcissistic and Insecure, or some combination thereof, the   folks may not have the same clarity about themselves. “People often don’t know that they’re the culprit,” said Marla Vannucci, a clinical psychologist who is an associate professor at Adler University. “I have a client who really wants Likes, so he posts a lot of photos,” Dr. Vannucci said. “When people don’t respond to them, he feels very alone. So he posts more. It’s a cycle like any interpersonal cycle in which we’re doing something that people hate but we’re doing it to try to make people like us. With that type of client, I try to find out what the motivation for posting is: What are the feelings around it? What is he looking for? Then I try to help him find other outlets. ” For those on the receiving end of such founts of images, the critical factors are frequency and tone. On the frequency front, young Mr. Haynes had a good suggestion: “I think you get three photos per location. ” If you can’t remember whether you already posted a picture of that covered bridge, you are in danger of overestimating other people’s interest in covered bridges. The question of tone is more nuanced. In 2014, the software company CyberLink sponsored a poll of 2, 268 adults in the United States, “with the hypothesis,” the company’s senior vice president for global marketing, Richard Carriere, told me, “that some people have a tendency to post photos on social media just to gloat and annoy their friends and colleagues. ” The study found that one in seven who own a smartphone and who use social media would unfollow or block someone who posts what they perceive as boastful vacation pictures. Moreover, one in four will attempt to share a photo within one hour of arriving at their destination  —   which makes many of us want to summon from deep within us the   drama teacher who gets two syllables out of “Breeeeathe. ” The top reasons that those sampled said they would Like or Favorite a picture were: if it showed friends and family sharing a special moment (63 percent) they look happy (58 percent) or they look genuine and natural (48 percent). I expressed surprise to Mr. Carriere that the poll didn’t break down the specifics of bothersome photos. I said, “I’m going to guess that the most troublesome one would be a vacation photo in which your ex is dating someone who’s essentially you, but 15 years younger, and it’s a picture of the two of them in the tiny fishing village in Portugal that you turned your ex on to in the first place. ” Mr. Carriere said, “I would definitely unfriend my ex for that. ” In some instances, people exposed to what they perceive to be a surfeit of photos will express their ire offline. In 2014, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel published an article about a couple who received an anonymous letter in the mail about their Facebook posts. The letter read, in part, “It’s a little upsetting seeing, hearing and reading about someone’s vacations all year while we all can’t afford one. ” The letter concluded with: “Go have some kids and don’t be so selfish as to only think of yourselves all the time. ” Yet one of the trips the couple had taken was a trip to New York that they had bought at a breast cancer benefit, not to mention the fact that the wife of the couple works as a psychotherapist who specializes in helping sexually and physically abused children. Equally odd were the facts that the letter’s envelope was emblazoned with a bright yellow smiley sticker and that the postmark was Miami, a city that none of the couple’s friends live in. So maybe the letter writer was on vacation at the time. The wife of the couple put the letter on Facebook with the instruction: “Please feel free to unfriend us from Facebook as we clearly are not ‘friends.’ If you’re unsure how to unfriend someone, go to the ‘Help’ menu. ” The couples’ friends rallied with support in the post’s comments section. “Maybe if they spent less time on FB stalking you,” one wrote, “they could work more, make more money and go on a vacation, too. ” In certain rare instances, too many vacation photos are not enough. Dr. Vannucci said that after one of his clients had his wedding canceled at the last minute, he “was really struggling. ” He posted that it was called off but that he was still going to “enjoy the honeymoon. ” On came a cavalcade of photos of one man’s painful efforts at readjustment, all of them captioned, Dr. Vannucci said, “with funny, raw but heartbreaking comments. ” One groom’s Stations of the Cross. Conscious that my own trickle of   emotionally stifled summertime photos on Facebook is its own version of fahvolousness, I spent a recent trip to Spain   myself. While, yes, I did share a picture of an outpost of the restaurant chain Museo del Jamon, I did not post a slew of others. Not the stylish dog walker and her dachshund that I intended to caption “Tiny pants, tiny dog: Madrid. ” Not the gorgeous   ceilings of the Alhambra. Not the   trip home when my boyfriend clutched his   neck pillow to his chest and referred to it as “comfort bosoms. ” But am I being immodest when I tell you that I now see these omissions as a disservice to my friends and colleagues, who may have loved them. I am trying to calibrate my photographic output. As we all should. In the meantime, let us all delicately start a conversation about one of this topic’s thorniest issues. Indeed, let us try to find some common ground with respect to photography’s one essential verity. I’ll start us out here: All sunsets are kitsch."
"title: Officials in U.S. and India Condemn Shooting of Sikh Man in Washington State - The New York Times author: Ellen Barry text: NEW DELHI  —   American and Indian officials on Sunday swiftly condemned the shooting of a Sikh man in a suburb of Seattle, which followed by less than two weeks a similar episode in Kansas and amid a   crackdown on immigration. The man, 39, was in the driveway of his home in Kent, Wash. working on his car on Friday night when a white man, wearing a mask over the lower part of his face, confronted him and then shot him in the arm, The Seattle Times reported. The police have asked the F. B. I. and other law enforcement agencies for help finding the gunman, who the victim said told him to “go back to your own country. ” The victim was identified as Deep Rai, a United States citizen of Indian origin. India’s minister of external affairs, Sushma Swaraj, said she had spoken to the victim’s father, who said his son was “out of danger and recovering in a private hospital. ” The attack bore a troubling resemblance to the shooting on Feb. 22 of Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani, two immigrants from India who were shot by another patron in a Kansas bar. The suspect in that case, Adam W. Purinton, had confronted the two Indians over their visa status and had been escorted out of the bar, before returning and opening fire. Mr. Kuchibhotla died from his injuries. The episode was   news in India, which sends hundreds of thousands of legal immigrants to the United States each year, among them students and highly skilled workers. Since the Kansas shooting, many Indians have expressed concerns that racially motivated violence will rise in the coming years, as President Trump leads an effort to curtail legal immigration and deport illegal immigrants. The White House has denied that the violence is in any way connected with Mr. Trump’s policies. Immigration was a central focus of   talks last week in Washington, where India’s foreign secretary, Subrahmanyam Jaishankar, met with senior American foreign policy officials. Washington’s top envoy in India, MaryKay Loss Carlson, said she was “saddened by the shooting” in Washington State. “As @POTUS said, we condemn ‘hate and evil in all its forms,’” Ms. Carlson said in a Twitter post. The Sikh Coalition, a Sikh rights group based in New York, has urged the authorities in Washington State to investigate the shooting as a hate crime, and called on top officials in Washington to forcefully condemn such attacks. “Tone matters in our political discourse, because this is a matter of life or death for millions of Americans who are worried about losing loved ones to hate,” Rajdeep Singh, a Sikh Coalition leader, said in a statement to the Hindustan Times."
"title: L.A. #Resist Rally Will Replace Gay Pride Rally - Breitbart author: Adelle Nazarian text: On Sunday, June 11, a “Resist March” against President Donald Trump will replace the Los Angeles Gay Pride Parade. [“When they come for one of us, they come for all of us. Join the Resistance at ResistMarch. org,” a banner on the march’s website reads.  According to a video on the website, posted by Canadian Indie pop twin Teagan and Sara, the march will start at “8 a. m. sharp” at the corner of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue. “It’s time that we all stand together, as one, and resist. ” Southern California Public Radio (SCPR) reported that the march will end with the L. A. Pride festival in West Hollywood. Breitbart News previously reported that the annual Gay Pride parade had been canceled in favor of the Resist March. The festival will cause the shutdown of several major roads in West Hollywood, some of which have already been shut. SCPR noted that San Vicente Boulevard was closed between Santa Monica Boulevard and Melrose Avenue starting at 7 p. m. on Thursday, June 8, and that it will remain closed through 10 a. m. on Monday, June 12. Hollywood Boulevard will reportedly be closed off between La Brea and Highland Avenue as early as 6 a. m. through noon on Sunday. SCPR also noted that the following streets will be closed as early as 8 a. m. and will reopen as the “Resist” march passes through: In Charlotte, North Carolina, gay Trump supporters were denied in their effort to join the Gay Pride parade on a   float, according to the Associated Press. Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow her on Facebook and Twitter."
"title: Dissecting the Russian Doping Inquiry - The New York Times author: Rebecca R. Ruiz text: A   inquiry into allegations of   doping in Russia, released Monday, confirmed a Russian  ’s claims. The inquiry, commissioned by the World   Agency, focused on Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov’s detailed account of cheating at the 2014 Sochi Olympics. Who is Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov? He is the former director of Russia’s antidoping lab who oversaw drug testing at the 2014 Sochi Olympics. He resigned last November after another investigation accused Russia of doping that was coordinated by government officials and Dr. Rodchenkov. Dr. Rodchenkov did not fully cooperate with that inquiry, and after its results were published, he fled to the United States, fearing for his life in Russia, he said. When did he speak out, and what did he say? In Los Angeles in May, he told The New York Times that Russia had seen hosting the Olympics as an opportunity to control the antidoping lab results and allow athletes to use   drugs throughout the competition. He said that at Sochi, he had carried out orders from the country’s sports ministry to “win at any cost,” protecting top Russian Olympians who were on steroids from getting caught. At least 15 Russian medalists at Sochi used banned substances, Dr. Rodchenkov’s records indicated. How did the scheme that he detailed work? Dr. Rodchenkov said he had received spreadsheets from the Russian sports ministry that named top athletes who were part of the doping program. In the months leading up to the Olympics, he said, those athletes collected their clean urine and provided it in containers  —   soda bottles and baby formula bottles, for example  —   that were stockpiled in a freezer. At Sochi, Dr. Rodchenkov said, he spent most nights, from around midnight on, replacing urine samples tainted by   drugs with clean urine from the same athletes, somehow breaking into the supposedly   bottles that are the standard at international competitions. He did so with the help of members of Russia’s intelligence service, he said. For hours each night, the small team worked in a shadow laboratory lit by a single lamp, passing bottles of urine through a   hole in the wall, to be ready for testing the next day, Rodchenkov said. How could the   bottles have been breached? Dr. Rodchenkov said he never saw the bottles being opened, and whether it is possible to successfully break into the   bottles has certainly figured into the investigation that is to be reported on Monday. “Magicians were on duty,” he said, claiming that he had seen locked bottles disappear through the hole in the wall and return about an hour later, unlocked and with their caps intact. He theorized that the method the Russian intelligence service used to break into the bottles had something to do with the toothed metal rings that lock the bottles when the cap is twisted shut. In the months leading up to the Games, he said, a man that Dr. Rodchenkov believed to be working for the intelligence service collected hundreds of those rings from the Moscow lab, he said. Aren’t doping samples anonymous? How did he know whose urine was whose? Each urine sample is coded with a unique   number. Dr. Rodchenkov said that athletes had taken pictures of their sample forms, including the code, and texted them to the ministry, offering forbidden insight into the samples. Is there any other way to prove what he said? Dr. Rodchenkov said that he had added table salt to some of the urine samples he tampered with to make the specific gravity  —   a chemistry measurement recorded on the samples  —   match the specifications of the original tainted samples. He has encouraged investigators to examine Russian athletes’ urine from Sochi  —   which is still being stored in a laboratory in Lausanne, Switzerland  —   to test for excessive levels of table salt, and to examine the glass bottles for telltale scratches around their necks, where the interlocking metal rings sit. Who conducted the investigation? Richard McLaren, a Canadian lawyer, led the inquiry, which was commissioned in May by the World   Agency. Mr. McLaren was also part of a   independent investigation that, last year, accused Russia of widespread,   doping. What will happen next? Any decision to discipline Russia would rest with international sports federations and the International Olympic Committee. Last month, the global track and field authorities barred Russian athletes from the Rio Games. WADA has indicated that it could recommend barring the entire Russian delegation. Over the weekend, several national antidoping organizations and athlete groups made it clear that they were preparing to ask the I. O. C. to bar the entire Russian Federation from the Games. The organizations discussing taking that extraordinary step included the antidoping agencies of the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Japan, Spain and Switzerland. How will Russia react? Vitaly Mutko, Russia’s minister of sport, dismissed the significance of the McLaren investigation, which did not consult with him during its inquiry and which, along with WADA, does not have the power to do anything beyond issue recommendations to the I. O. C. and sports federations. Russia is challenging the ban imposed on its track and field team, and further legal action may follow if additional disciplinary measures are imposed. The Court of Arbitration for Sport in Switzerland is set to have a hearing this week regarding the ban on Russia’s track team, and a decision on that could come as soon as Wednesday."
"title: Wine and Dine - The New York Times author: Tamar Adler text: Editor’s note: We’re resurfacing this Eat column from last year for Smarter Living to give you some ideas for using up any leftover holiday wine. It is a new year. We have resolved, and a popular fixture in our resolutions is booze. We used it well: It went into punch. It went into grog. It went into mulled wine, cocktails and eggnog. It went straight in. It began in a trickle that became a geyser. Now we are pickled. Which is why January, though a poor time for drinking alcohol, is a good time for cooking with it. In particular, with wine  —   which is, in the elegant and spiritually stirring formulation of Robert Farrar Capon, the late Episcopal priest and cookbook author, ‘‘water that has matured according to nature’s will. ’’ Recipes using wine are notably less common today than they were half a century ago, when every fondue pot and chafing dish released rich gusts of boozy vapor. But there is little better use for the thousands of   bottles that litter refrigerators and counters than to help them effect a secular transubstantiation in our dinners. The alcohol in wine evaporates more quickly than water and is mostly gone after 30 minutes’ cooking. What is left is the taste of the grape that made it, among dozens of ghost flavors: cherry, violet, ash, pineapple, fresh leather, apple, black pepper, wet soil, mandarin, lilac or rose. Plus, a light acidity that keeps the palate alive and alert, and an unmistakable elegance that can be neither explained nor ignored. I have always found most enticing those recipes that truly rely on wine and demand it in quantity, raw and crude and as it is. The food writer Richard Olney recommends Soupe à la Bourguignonne, ‘‘Red Wine Soup’’: pork fat, butter, onions, flour, water, stale bread, herbs and almost an entire bottle of red wine. There is ‘‘Bavarian Wine Soup,’’ from ‘‘The Wine Cook Book’’ (1934): three parts wine to one part water, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and a beaten egg yolk, served with water crackers. Olney also describes a ‘‘typical Bordelais tourain,’’ which is usually eaten during the   harvest but could stand a winter reprise. Its ingredients are onions cooked in fat, salt, tomatoes, sugar, boiling water, stale bread and dry white wine. ‘‘A native,’’ Olney writes, ‘‘may first eat his sopped bread crust, empty out his (red) wine glass into the soup, and drink the rest from the soup plate, a performance known as faire chabrol’’  —   that is, ‘‘to act like a little goat. ’’ The simplest way to cook with wine is just to cook in it. A combination of half wine, half water or broth will cook any tough cut of meat flavorfully and subtly. But an even simpler and deeper pleasure can be found in cooking entirely in wine, with occasional pours of broth to keep things balanced, but the responsibility squarely on the shoulders of the juice of the grape. Coq au vin is of this lineage. So is a variation I prefer: coq au vin blanc, or coq au vin jaune, which leaves the old rooster or capon tasting as if it got taken to a party it wasn’t expecting, thoroughly saturated in the complexities of deep dark yellow wine and a long night on the town. There are a few questions that bedevil those who decide to try their hands at cooking with booze. What kind of wine? Father Capon wrote the most useful rule: ‘‘White for lighter meats, red for heavier, but don’t make a fetish of it. ’’ I lean toward the dry and the     but nothing too delicate, because the delicacy will be lost in cooking, and nothing too tannic or inky, which will turn to acidic mud. Can a wine be too good for cooking? Olney writes: ‘‘One may respectfully find a place in the kitchen for a great wine only if heat never comes into contact with it. ’’ That makes sense. If a fine wine is going to be put anywhere but a glass, it must stay unchanged until it reaches its final destination. Can it be too bad? Olney says if you would not drink it, do not cook with it. The former chef Daniel Gritzer recently conducted experiments and found that a wine that started overly fruity and   ended that way, but that a wine that was once good, then oxidized, resulted in a very good dish. This is my theory too  —   it is mostly the alcohol in the wine that oxidizes when a bottle is open and old. It is also the alcohol that disappears in cooking. Don’t worry if uncooked wine tastes oxidized before it is added to a braise or stew  —   as long as it tasted good in its past, however distant. Are there spirits that shouldn’t be cooked in? Scotch, vodka, gin, tequila and moonshine do not make good stew. All of them are, however, capable of sousing and pickling a fish as they are of sousing and pickling a human. And to more attractive ends. Recipe: Boeuf à la Mode"
"title: Avoiding the Dreaded Middle Seat May Now Cost You - The New York Times author: Martha C. White text: As flying goes, the only thing more uncomfortable than sitting next to a couple having a spat on an airplane, Maury Rogoff learned, is sitting between that couple  —   especially when one partner prefers bare feet. Ms. Rogoff, who owns a public relations firm with offices in New York and Florida and travels frequently, discovered what a growing number of travelers now know: The middle seat has become the third rail of flying  —   and it is getting harder to avoid. As planes fly at record capacity and new cabin configurations squeeze in ever more passengers, airlines are, intentionally or not, nudging fliers into paying extra to avoid drawing the proverbial short straw. “I was literally in the middle of their argument,” Ms. Rogoff said. “It was just that awful. ” Her discomfort was magnified when the husband kicked off his shoes and crossed his legs, thrusting a bare foot into Ms. Rogoff’s space. Her entreaties with his wife to swap seats fell on deaf ears. “Of course she had no interest because it was middle, and because it was a smelly foot,” Ms. Rogoff said. For travelers like Ms. Rogoff, airlines are making it harder than ever to avoid the middle seat based on luck alone. Southwest, which does not assign seats, raised the price of an   pass to $15 from $12. 50 last month. For those who do not pay up, it is a mad rush when online   opens 24 hours before the flight. Delta Air Lines’ Basic Economy fare, introduced last year, does not allow seat assignments to be made until after    —   when   customers have had a chance to claim window and aisle seats. American Airlines and United Airlines plan to introduce similar fares this year. Neither would confirm whether selecting a seat would be one of the perks eliminated, but one airline analyst said it was likely, given the competition legacy airlines face from   carriers. “It’s a way to compete,” said Max Rayner, a partner at Hudson Crossing, a consulting firm in New York. “If you want to go at premium times, there will be far fewer seats available at the lower end of prices. ” Mr. Rayner suggested that this shift in pricing models wasn’t necessarily a bad thing, saying it could be a boon for the most   customers. “You can think of it actually as opening up choice,” he said. “You just want basic transportation  —   sure, here it is. ” But the crunch has left some travelers taking extreme measures to avoid getting stuck in the middle. Fliers said they have offered fellow travelers money or drinks to switch seats, paid the fee to upgrade to a premium or exit row, feigned illness or switched flights. Some travelers even report buying two seats, just to have an empty one next to them. Dr. Sachin Shridharani, a plastic surgeon in New York, found himself on an overbooked flight back from San Diego, and a middle seat was the only one available. “I told them I’d be willing to take another flight,” he said. “I’ll pretty much do just about anything to avoid sitting in that notorious, infamous middle seat. ” The   was to wait in the airport for four hours, but Dr. Shridharani said it was worth it so he could work on the way home. “You can’t have someone looking over your shoulder,” he said. In the end, analysts say, airlines are selling a form of real estate, but they are trading in square inches, not square feet. “People buy work space that’s really what they buy on board,” said Robert W. Mann Jr. an airline industry consultant. “Some of those configurations may not give you enough room, for example, to take out a laptop and use it productively. ” One carrier, though, has tried to address the issue. Frontier Airlines recently installed new seats on its Airbus A319 and A320 planes, with the middle seats about an inch wider than the window and aisle seats. But for most passengers, the tight squeeze continues, and business travelers say counting on their   status to avoid the middle seat is no longer a sure thing. “You can’t show up at the airport hoping to talk your way into an upgrade,” said Mark Jeffries, a corporate speaker and author. “You don’t see free seats anymore. ” Mr. Jeffries said he sometimes buys two seats  —   a window or aisle, and a middle. It’s cheaper than buying a   or   ticket on a legacy carrier, he said. “We find that people will pay for premium economy or any kind of seat assignment if they’re traveling solo to avoid the middle seat,” said Julia Douglas, owner and president of Jet Set World Travel in Chicago. Some travelers will spend hundreds of dollars more, she added. Another approach is to appeal to another traveler. “There have been instances where I’ve bought someone an upgrade,” said Michael Winston, who used to travel once or twice a week while working in management consulting. At times, he said, he had resorted to bargaining with seatmates to avoid the middle seat. It is not an uncommon transaction, frequent travelers say, with cash, upgrades and cocktails all serving as forms of currency. But that is assuming that the seats are available. Last year, airline capacity again hit a record high, just shy of 85 percent, meaning that a lot of flights are full. And that leaves flight attendants and travel agents acting as de facto referees for games of midair musical chairs. The excuses passengers use to avoid the middle seat are many, they say. “Long legs is always one,” Ms. Douglas said. She then listed the most common complaints: claustrophobia, a need for frequent trips to the bathroom,   panic attacks and a penchant for airsickness. “I don’t know if any of them are truly medically founded,” she said. “I just think it’s anxiety about being in that middle seat. ” Of all the excuses, genuine or exaggerated, the one that seems most effective is the threat of gastrointestinal distress. William Bauer, who travels frequently as an executive at a manufacturer of leather goods, said that hinting at a medical need for quick access to the bathroom usually prompted either gate agents or fellow passengers to make the switch for him. “Make it clear that you need that aisle seat. Really convey a compelling sense of urgency,” he said. “Thus far, I’ve never been rejected. ” On one recent flight, though, the tables were turned when Mr. Bauer found himself on the receiving end of a plea to swap seats on a     flight. “There was a woman I gave up my aisle seat for because she cried,” he said. “If you cry, you win. ”"
"title: Getting Your Home Holiday-Ready - The New York Times author: Michelle Higgins text: Having everyone over for the holidays may have seemed like a good idea when you agreed to it last year. Back then, there was plenty of time to redo the guest room, fix the leaky kitchen faucet and upgrade the powder room. But with just a few weeks to spare, the thought of opening your home to family and friends might start to feel a bit overwhelming. If you act now, however, there is still time to make your home feel fresh and festive  —   without a major overhaul. FOCUS ON MAIN SPACES Concentrate on the kitchen, powder room and living areas, said Sarah Fishburne, the director of trend and designer for Home Depot, who recently hosted Thanksgiving for the first time in her new home in Atlanta. “Don’t get jammed up worrying about those secondary areas. ” You can always stash the laundry you didn’t have time to do in your bedroom and shut the door. But the kitchen  —   “that’s the gathering zone. ” Ms. Fishburne swapped out her older kitchen faucet with a new smart faucet that turns on and off with a tap of the wrist or forearm. Other upgrades that can be accomplished in a day and require minimal investment: adding a new backsplash, swapping out an old light fixture and changing cabinet hardware. “Instantly, you’ll feel like you really accomplished something,” said Ms. Fishburne, who traded   knobs for pumpkin knobs and updated three orb pendant lights to oxide brass   shade island lights. UPDATE ACCENTS “Switching out your pillows and throws is a great way to transform your space for the holidays,” said Alyssa Kapito, who founded the Manhattan interior design firm Kapito Muller with Vivian Muller. “Wool, mohair and cashmere are wonderful fabrics for colder seasons, and if you want to get really festive, you can try throwing in a plaid or a check fabric to add a bit of warmth and coziness,” she said, suggesting a cashmere knit throw from   ($199) and a patchwork plaid pillow cover from Pottery Barn ($49. 50). Similarly, you can give your bathroom a quick refresh with a new bath mat, curtain liner, towels and some nice soaps. TIDY UP Ridding counters of clutter and shelves of tchotchkes is a fast and easy way to streamline space. Use an empty shoe box to collect pens, mail, knickknacks and other items that have accumulated in the kitchen and living room, said Tova Weinstock, an organizer in Brooklyn. While you’re at it, clear some closet space for guests’ belongings. A dedicated spot for hanging clothes or even a single drawer, she said, “will immediately boost your guest’s stay and amp up your hospitality level. ” You can temporarily store your own clothing in a soft bin like the Real Simple canvas   bags sold at Bed Bath  Beyond, Ms. Weinstock said. “Another idea is to double up coats on hangers, with      coats underneath and winter coats over. ” CODDLE GUESTS Putting some consideration into how guests will experience your home will not only make them feel more welcome, but can make your life easier. When preparing for houseguests, Pamela Dailey, an interior designer in Beacon, N. Y. displays logistics like the   network name and password and instructions on how to use the coffee maker in strategically placed picture frames. “The frames themselves can be switched out simply to add a festive touch,” she said, or “you could use a pretty piece of wrapping paper in the frame that you put the information on. ” In the guest bedroom, “little details like a notepad and pen on a bedside table” and “some   flowers” will make guests feel more welcome, said Ms. Kapito, who recommends placing a carafe filled with water (like CB2’s $13 stackable cylinder) on the night stand. And in a twist on the hotel slipper, Ms. Weinstock suggests laying out a new pair of fuzzy socks.  EASY ON DECORATIONS Keeping decorations simple and contained makes for easy elegance. “Choose a focal spot in your home  —   a mantel if you have a fireplace, an entry table or one shelf on your bookcase  —   that you can dedicate your energy to for creating some seasonal atmosphere,” said Ms. Dailey, who likes to designate a spot for displaying all the holiday cards she receives. “This is a great way to decorate, since everything will come to you,” she said. “I like to find somewhere on a wall so that you’re not taking up surface space or cluttering the refrigerator. Get some festive washi tape that you can tack the cards up with as they come in. ” Denise Piccolo, a professional holiday decorator in Brooklyn, suggests filling a few clear vases with shatterproof tree ornaments. “Display in mismatched groups or on their own,” she said, and drape matching stands of beads around the bottoms of the vases, scattering a few ornaments around the outside. REUSE AND RECYCLE If you’re feeling crafty, you can transform empty wine or liquor bottles into centerpieces by painting them in metallic holiday colors, like silver and gold, Ms. Piccolo said. “You can use blue painters’ tape to make patterns or block out letters to spell seasonal words such as ‘joy’ or ‘peace.’ ” Embellish with glitter, she suggested, or tie on jingle bells, ribbon or tiny pine cones around the necks of the bottles. “You can display the bottles in a group, intertwined with a strand of Christmas lights around the bases. ” If you’re buying a real Christmas tree, ask for the excess branches that get cut off the bottom to make a swag for your front door. “Simply bunch it together,” she said, and “tie with floral wire, fashioning the end into a loop to hang it. ” Trim any excess and “finish with a pretty bow to cover the wire, with tails hanging down on the branches. ” Another easy option is to stick the extra branches in a vase with water as you would with flowers, Ms. Piccolo said, and “embellish with holly sprigs, available at florists or garden centers, or holiday picks from the craft store. ”"
"title: Sen. Joe Manchin: Trump Administration Gets It on Coal Regs - Breitbart author: Neil W. McCabe text: West Virginia Democrat Sen. Joe Manchin III praised President Donald Trump’s reversal Tuesday of President Barack Obama’s “Clean Power Plan,” which created a regulatory regime that targeted the coal mining industry and   energy plants. [“Since I was governor, I have fought against unnecessary bureaucratic regulations that harm our way of life with no regard for the catastrophic economic impacts they have on West Virginians,” said the only Democrat to stand and applaud during the president’s joint address to Congress.  “We need to strike a balance between the environment and the economy. The Clean Power Plan never achieved that balance. Rolling back this regulation is a positive step towards preventing further job loss, increases to consumer energy bills, and more damage to our economy,” he said. “We must stop ignoring the damage these regulations caused our energy sector, our economy and our way of life in West Virginia,” the senator said. The president touched on the human side of what he called the War on Coal in his remarks Tuesday after signing the executive orders. I actually, in one case, I went to a group of miners in West Virginia  —   you remember, Shelly  —   and I said, how about this: Why don’t we get together, we’ll go to another place, and you’ll get another job you won’t mine anymore. Do you like that idea? They said, no, we don’t like that idea  —   we love to mine, that’s what we want to do. I said, if that’s what you want to do, that’s what you’re going to do. And I was very impressed. They love the job. That’s what their job is. I fully understand that. I grew up in a real estate family, and until this recent little excursion into the world of politics, I could never understand anybody who would not want to be in the world of real estate. (Laughter.) Believe me. So I understand it. And we’re with you 100 percent, and that’s what you’re going to do. Okay? The “Shelly” Trump was calling out was  Senator Shelly Moore Capito ( ) Manchin’s fellow senator from the Mountain State. Manchin said Trump gets it on coal and the effects of the last administration’s approach towards coal. “This step by the administration recognizes that the Clean Power Plan went beyond the bounds of EPA’s authority, instead of working against us and imposing   economic wounds like the last administration,” he said."
"title: Wells Fargo Offers Regrets, but Doesn’t Admit Misconduct - The New York Times author: Michael Corkery text: Wells Fargo was flowing with regrets on Friday, taking out ads in nearly a dozen newspapers saying the bank took “full responsibility” for creating sham bank accounts without its customers’ permission. The bank’s chief executive officer, John Stumpf, even called one prominent Democrat in Congress to express his willingness to assume personal responsibility for the mess. The bank fired at least 5, 300 employees and refunded millions of dollars to customers. But with its banking regulators, Wells Fargo was not as contrite. The bank agreed to pay $185 million in fines and hire an independent consultant to review its sales practices, but it was able to settle the investigation into the questionable accounts without officially admitting to any of the suspected misconduct. It was classic Wall Street. Since the financial crisis, regulators have brought dozens of cases against banks and other financial firms, hitting them with tens of billions of dollars in fines and requiring the companies to overhaul their business practices. But frequently, regulatory cases are settled without a bank having to admit doing anything wrong. Some Congressional officials and governmental watchdog groups say regulators may be too eager to extract a   fine and to settle a case quickly than to prove a bank’s guilt in court. It could take years of court battles for regulators to prove that every one of the 1. 5 million accounts that Wells said may have been unauthorized was indeed phony. “It’s very troubling,” Senator Jeff Merkley, an Oregon Democrat and member of the Banking Committee, said in a telephone interview Friday. “Wells Fargo is saying they take responsibility, but they aren’t actually taking responsibility in the official sense. ” Mr. Merkley said he wants the leadership of the Banking Committee to hold hearings on the Wells Fargo scandal. He hopes to hear testimony not only from bank executives, but from regulators on why they agreed to the settlement terms without an admission of wrongdoing from the bank. Republican staff members of the banking committee were briefed by Wells Fargo executives on Friday. The staff is still collecting information from the bank to help committee members decide whether the scandal warrants hearings, people briefed on the matter said. A Wells Fargo spokeswoman said that while the bank readily admits that it created questionable accounts, it does not agree with other findings by its banking regulators, namely that the bank’s culture and business model fostered such behavior. “We recognize that these instances occurred, and we want to be very open about that and make sure they don’t happen again,” said Mary Eshet, the Wells Fargo spokeswoman. “But this was not part of an intentional strategy. ” Legal experts say that not admitting wrongdoing may have another benefit for Wells Fargo: helping the bank defend itself against lawsuits from aggrieved customers. “It ends up being a ”’ said Robert Hockett, a professor at Cornell Law School. “The regulator gets some kind of payment from the accused, and the accused gets to ease the risk of private plaintiff litigation by not admitting to guilt. ” Wells has already been hit with a number of lawsuits over the phony accounts. In addition to the 1. 5 million sham bank accounts that regulators say may have been opened, there were an additional 565, 000 credit card accounts that bank employees may have applied for without customer consent. In some cases, bank employees would move money from a customer’s existing deposit account to open up another one. The unauthorized account was then quickly closed, but the bank employee got credit for drumming up new business. Regulators said employees were given financial incentives to open up as many new accounts as they could, as part of a   bank culture to grow business. Much of the illegal activity took place in California, including in and around Los Angeles, where the city attorney filed a lawsuit against the bank last year over the questionable accounts. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency then joined the investigation, which broadened to encompass several other states. As part of the settlement, Wells agreed to pay $100 million to the consumer protection bureau, the largest fine ever levied by that agency. Still, the fine pales next to the   penalties that banks like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America paid to settle civil investigations into soured mortgage securities sold in the   to the financial crisis. “Wells is paying what amounts to a couple of parking tickets for each of the 1. 5 million accounts,” Mr. Hockett said. Regulators say that the Wells Fargo fine may look small by comparison, but that the amount of financial harm to the consumer is relatively small. Wells said that the average refund to consumers was $25. Some regulators have vowed to push more financial firms to officially own up to their misdeeds. In a speech in 2013, Mary Jo White, the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, noted that in criminal court, judges will not accept a guilty plea unless the accused admits to the unlawful conduct. Ms. White said in the financial industry, pushing companies to officially admit to their actions was important to public accountability. “Anyone who has witnessed a guilty plea understands the power of such admissions,” Ms. White said in her speech. “It creates an unambiguous record of the conduct and demonstrates unequivocally the defendant’s responsibility for his or her acts. ” That said, there will still be times that the securities agency would settle cases without such admissions. Just this week, the S. E. C. settled a case with the investment firm Raymond James over trading commissions. The firm settled the case “without admitting or denying the findings” by the agency."
"title: Cities Vow to Fight Trump on Immigration, Even if They Lose Millions - The New York Times author: Jennifer Medina and Jess Bidgood text: LOS ANGELES  —   Here in Los Angeles, where nearly half of the city’s residents are Latino, Mayor Eric Garcetti has vowed to do everything he can to fight widespread deportations of illegal immigrants. In New York, with a large and diverse Latino population, Mayor Bill de Blasio has pledged not to cooperate with immigration agents. And Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago has declared that it “will always be a sanctuary city. ” Across the nation, officials in sanctuary cities are gearing up to oppose   Donald J. Trump if he follows through on a campaign promise to deport millions of illegal immigrants. They are promising to maintain their policies of limiting local law enforcement cooperation with federal immigration agents. In doing so, municipal officials risk losing millions of dollars in federal assistance for their cities that helps pay for services like fighting crime and running homeless shelters. Mr. Trump has vowed to block all federal funding for cities where local law enforcement agencies do not cooperate with Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. But as Mr. Trump prepares to take office, Democratic bastions, including Boston, Philadelphia and San Francisco, have reaffirmed plans to defy the administration and act as a kind of bulwark against mass deportations. “I like to compare this to conscientious objector status,” said Mayor Libby Schaaf of Oakland, Calif. “We are not going to use our resources to enforce what we believe are unjust immigration laws. ” Supporters of tougher immigration policies, however, expect a swift response. Dan Stein, the president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform, which opposes legalization for unauthorized immigrants, predicted “a very aggressive,    support for using the full power of the federal government to discourage this kind of interference. ” “These local politicians take it upon themselves to allow people who have been here for a long time to stay here and receive services,” Mr. Stein said. “The Trump administration is basically saying, ‘If you want to accommodate, don’t expect the rest of us to pay for your services. ’” Some believe Mr. Trump could go further than simply pulling federal funding, perhaps fighting such policies in court or even prosecuting city leaders. “This is uncharted territory in some ways, to see if they’re just playing chicken, or see if they will relent,” said Jessica Vaughan, the director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, which supports reduced immigration. Cities have “gotten away with this for a long time because the federal government has never attempted to crack down on them,” Ms. Vaughan said. The fight could also signal a twist in the struggle over the power of the federal government, as this time liberal cities  —   rather than conservative states  —   resist what they see as federal intervention. Cities “may not have the power to give people rights,” said Muzaffar Chishti, the director of the Migration Policy Institute’s office at the New York University School of Law. “But they have a lot of power of resistance, and that’s what they’re displaying right now. ” No legal definition of sanctuary cities exists, and many mayors dislike the label, saying it unfairly describes policies that merely stop local law enforcement from acting as immigration deputies. Generally, the term refers to jurisdictions that have placed limits on when local law enforcement agencies comply with federal requests to hold undocumented immigrants for detention and turn them over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Those requests greatly increased after the Obama administration extended nationwide an electronic monitoring system by which the fingerprints of every person booked by local or state police are sent to the Department of Homeland Security for checking against immigration databases. More than 500 counties and cities have some kind of policy limiting cooperation with the immigration authorities, according to an estimate from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, an advocacy and legal assistance group in San Francisco and Washington. The latest fight is beginning to play out much like one that occurred in the   when activists in the nation’s big cities resisted the immigration policies of the Reagan administration. Central Americans had become the subject of fierce political jockeying, and scores of churches opened their doors as sanctuaries to flout the Reagan White House. Members of churches and synagogues are again offering their houses of worship as sanctuaries for undocumented people fearing deportation, according to groups that work with immigrants and refugees. A   network known as the “sanctuary movement” was revived in the past few years to take in those at risk of deportation by the Obama administration. In Oakland, a site of resistance a generation ago, Ms. Schaaf has no doubt that the community will again marshal its resources to help undocumented immigrants. The city is exploring ways to offer legal services to immigrants. “We do have many undocumented immigrants, but often these are residents who came to our city as toddlers. They have grown up here and gone to our public schools,” Ms. Schaaf said. “These are not illegal aliens, they are friends’ children, people sitting next to us in our church pews and on the bus. Here it feels much more personal. ” Oakland stands to lose as much as $140 million in federal funding for homeless shelters, meals for the elderly and   preschool programs. Ms. Schaaf has started asking local philanthropists if they will put up money to replace any lost federal funds. “This is our highest priority as far as our response to this election,” she said. In the past, conservatives have embraced the notion that state and city officials can assert themselves with immigration laws. One of Mr. Trump’s immigration advisers is Kris W. Kobach, who helped write a law in Arizona that allowed the police to question people they detained about immigration status. That provision was upheld by the Supreme Court. Rudolph W. Giuliani, an adviser to Mr. Trump who is expected to join his administration, unsuccessfully sued the government in 1996, when he was the mayor of New York, over a federal law he said infringed on local protections for undocumented immigrants. The latest clash will be most acutely felt in California, home to an estimated 2. 3 million of the country’s 11 million undocumented immigrants. Not only does the state allow such immigrants to obtain driver’s licenses, but it also offers them   college tuition and allows them to hold professional licenses to work as lawyers, architects and nurses. A state law passed in 2014 limits counties’ cooperation with federal officials. The policies came under renewed attack last year, after a young woman was shot by an immigrant with a criminal record who lived in the state illegally and had been released by the authorities in San Francisco. Los Angeles, which in 1979 became the first city to specifically bar officers from stopping people to ask about their immigration status, could lose as much as $500 million of its $9 billion budget. The amount includes money for antiterrorism programs and community health centers. “Taking away funding because our law enforcement will not act as federal agents would not only be irresponsible but immoral,” Mr. Garcetti said. “It would be an unprecedented overreach of federal executive power to take even more of our taxes away. ” Mr. de Blasio in New York has signaled that he will look for more ways to fight widespread deportations, and the city is directing undocumented immigrants to its free legal services. New York has the country’s largest municipal identification program and maintains a database of nearly a million people. Mr. de Blasio has pledged not to give any information from the program to the federal government. Melissa Keaney, a lawyer at the National Immigration Law Center, said the federal government could not compel states to carry out immigration enforcements. “Anything that tries to coerce a local government is going to be challenged because these agencies are only responsible for local arrests,” Ms. Keaney said. “Their responsibility is for carrying out public safety criminal law, and it is not within their responsibility or authority to act as federal agents. ” How much cities can fight off deportations, however, remains unclear. Legal experts say that city officials cannot bar immigration agents and that it is unlikely that they could declare a physical sanctuary on public property. Much of their resistance may lie in simply not cooperating. Rick Su, a law professor at the University at Buffalo who has researched immigration and local government, said that unless Mr. Trump ratchets up the number and reach of federal immigration agents, “it is difficult to see how he can achieve the two to three million removals that he has proposed without state and local assistance in identifying and detaining suspected unauthorized immigrants. ” For now, many city leaders are focusing on calming undocumented immigrants’ frayed nerves. Jorge Elorza, the mayor of Providence, R. I. and the son of undocumented Guatemalan immigrants who were eventually naturalized, stood behind a lectern one recent evening to reassure about 150 people who had filled a high school cafeteria. “Folks may feel threatened by what they hear,” Mr. Elorza told them, addressing the crowd in English and Spanish. “We will protect our communities and our families so they can continue to live their lives free of fear and safe in our communities. ”"
"title: Achieving Mindfulness at Work, No Meditation Cushion Required - The New York Times author: Matthew E. May text: In a recent seminar I gave for over 100 business professionals, I asked the participants to play a simple word association game with me: “I say mindfulness, you say ________. ” The word that rang out in unison was, of course, “meditation. ” Mindfulness, it seems, has become a mainstream business practice and a kind of industry in its own right. Meditation instructors are the new management gurus, and companies including Google, General Electric, Ford Motor and American Express are sending their employees to classes that can run up to $50, 000 for a large audience. Many mindfulness apps exist, nearly all of which focus on “mindfulness meditation. ” The proliferation of meditation in the name of mindfulness and the combination of the two terms naturally lead people to equate the two. Mistakenly so. By most definitions, mindfulness is a   attention that involves noticing changes around us and fully experiencing them in real time. This puts us in the present, aware and responsive, making everything fresh and new again. Meditation is simply one of several tools for achieving mindfulness, and in the context of work it may not be the most suitable for many people. For those who, like me, can’t seem to get the hang of meditation, there is good news: You don’t have to meditate to become more mindful. There are two approaches to mindfulness: Eastern and Western. The Eastern view indeed positions meditation as an essential tool to achieving a mindful state. But the Eastern view is more about quieting the mind and suspending thought. This philosophy is almost the complete opposite of the Western view of mindfulness, which centers on active thinking. I would argue that given the speed of change today, it may not be realistic to suspend or stop thinking. Rather, we need to actively think through problems in new ways to achieve innovative, elegant solutions. These will not rain from on high in a meditation session. Both views share the same goal: avoiding mindlessness. When we’re mindless, the past is riding herd over the present. We get trapped in categories created in the past, stuck in rigid perspectives, oblivious to alternative views. This gives us the illusion of certainty. For example, imagine that the numbers in the incorrect Roman numeral equation below are movable sticks. Leaving the plus and equals signs as they are, what is the least number of sticks you would have to move to correct the equation? XI + I = X Most people react immediately with an answer of “one. ” But that is a mindless answer, based on knowledge acquired long ago. The optimal answer would be “zero,” arrived at by looking at the problem from an alternative perspective. By looking at the problem upside down, you could read the equation literally right to left, so that X (10) = I (one) plus IX (nine). Or you might recognize the visual symmetry, and reflect it in a mirror. By noticing different ways to view the problem, you move from mindless to mindful. This kind of    noticing mindfulness is similar to the concept of the impartial spectator first introduced in the 18th century by Adam Smith, who wrote that we all have access to an “impartial and   spectator. ” This spectator’s form of attention puts us in the present and gives us a more unbiased perspective  —   much the way our attention is focused when we travel to a new place, noticing details that the locals take for granted. The key to mindfulness is learning to look at the world in a more conditional way. Understanding that our perspective is merely one among alternative views requires us to embrace uncertainty. When we’re uncertain and unsure, our surroundings become interesting again, like the peculiar little details we notice when we arrive in an unfamiliar place. The most effective technique I’ve found for moving from mindless to mindful without meditation involves a form of   and talking to yourself as an objective adviser would. It is achievable in a few simple steps. Suppose you’re facing a situation that’s causing you stress  —   perhaps a change at work, a tough problem or an important decision. The first step is to realize that you’ve already made two unwarranted assumptions: that something will happen, and it will be bad. Next, give yourself three reasons the issue you’re worried about might not happen. Notice that it immediately becomes less stressful, because you just went from “it’s going to happen” to “maybe it will happen, maybe it won’t. ” Now give yourself three reasons that, if the situation does turn out bad, good things will happen. Those reasons are easy to find once you ask the question. Now you’ve gone from thinking “there’s this terrible thing that’s going to happen” to thinking “there’s this thing that may or may not happen, but if it does, it could have both good and bad outcomes. ” It’s an easy method that leads us to become less reactive to the world  —   still responsive, just not reactive. In the end, the entire key to eliminating mindlessness without meditation may simply be realizing that the issue looks different from a different perspective, and then taking that perspective."
"title: Tribunal Rejects Beijing’s Claims in South China Sea - The New York Times author: Jane Perlez text: BEIJING  —   An international tribunal in The Hague delivered a sweeping rebuke on Tuesday of China’s behavior in the South China Sea, including its construction of artificial islands, and found that its expansive claim to sovereignty over the waters had no legal basis. The landmark case, brought by the Philippines, was seen as an important crossroads in China’s rise as a global power and in its rivalry with the United States, and it could force Beijing to reconsider its assertive tactics in the region or risk being labeled an international outlaw. It was the first time the Chinese government had been summoned before the international justice system. In its most significant finding, the tribunal rejected China’s argument that it enjoys historic rights over most of the South China Sea. That could give the governments of Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Taiwan and Vietnam more leverage in their own maritime disputes with Beijing. The tribunal also said that China had violated international law by causing “irreparable harm” to the marine environment, endangering Philippine ships and interfering with Philippine fishing and oil exploration. “It’s an overwhelming victory. We won on every significant point,” said the Philippines’ chief counsel in the case, Paul S. Reichler. But while the decision is legally binding, there is no mechanism for enforcing it, and China, which refused to participate in the tribunal’s proceedings, reiterated on Tuesday that it would not abide by it. Speaking at a meeting with European leaders, President Xi Jinping was defiant, reasserting China’s claim to sovereignty over the South China Sea “since ancient times,” the   People’s Daily reported. His remarks echoed a statement from the Foreign Ministry. The tribunal’s decision “is invalid and has no binding force,” the ministry said. “China does not accept or recognize it. ” The foreign secretary of the Philippines, Perfecto Yasay Jr. welcomed the ruling as “significant” and called on “all those concerned to exercise restraint and sobriety. ” The five judges and legal experts on the tribunal ruled unanimously, and the decision was so heavily in favor of the Philippines that there were fears about how the Chinese leadership would react. Many in the region worry that Beijing will accelerate its efforts to assert control over the South China Sea, which includes vital trade routes and fishing waters as well as possible oil and mineral deposits. “Xi Jinping has lost face here, and it will be difficult for China to do nothing,” said Bonnie S. Glaser, a senior adviser for Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington. “I expect a very tough reaction from China, since it has lost on almost every point. There is virtually nothing that it has won. ” The Philippines filed its case in 2013, after China seized a reef over which both countries claim sovereignty. There has been speculation that Beijing might respond to the decision by building an artificial island at the reef, Scarborough Shoal, a move that could set off a conflict with the Philippines and its treaty ally, the United States. The State Department spokesman, John Kirby, said Washington expected China to comply with the ruling. “The world is watching to see if China is really the global power it professes itself to be and the responsible power that it professes itself to be,” he said. The main issue before the panel was the legality of China’s claim to waters within a “  line” that appears on official Chinese maps and encircles as much as 90 percent of the South China Sea, an area the size of Mexico. The Philippines had asked the tribunal to find the claim to be in violation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, which both China and the Philippines have ratified. In its decision, the tribunal said any historic rights to the sea that China had previously enjoyed “were extinguished” by the treaty, which lays out rules for drawing zones of control over the world’s oceans based on distances to coastlines. The panel added that while China had used islands in the sea in the past, it had never exercised exclusive authority over the waters. The panel also concluded that several disputed rocks and reefs in the South China Sea were too small for China to claim control of economic activities in the waters around them. As a result, it found, China was engaged in unlawful behavior in Philippine waters, including activities that had aggravated the dispute. The tribunal cited China’s construction of a large artificial island on an atoll known as Mischief Reef. China has built a military airstrip, naval berths and sports fields on the island, but the tribunal ruled that it was in Philippine waters. The judges also said that Beijing had violated international law by causing “severe harm to the coral reef environment” and by failing to prevent Chinese fishermen from harvesting endangered sea turtles and other species “on a substantial scale. ” In an early indication of the regional response, Vietnam  —   which has fraternal Communist ties to China but also significant territorial disputes with it, including over oil exploration rights  —   quickly issued a statement endorsing the tribunal’s decision. China has argued that the tribunal had no jurisdiction in the case. Because the sovereignty of reefs and islands in the sea is disputed, Beijing asserted, the tribunal could not decide on competing claims to the surrounding waters. The treaty covers only maritime disputes, not land disputes. In a tough speech in Washington last week, a former senior Chinese official, Dai Bingguo, said that the findings would amount to no more than “waste paper” and that China would not back down from its activities in the South China Sea even in the face of a fleet of American aircraft carriers. But with the geopolitical stakes high, Mr. Dai also counseled moderation, saying that the situation in the South China Sea “must cool down. ” The issue could have ramifications for domestic politics in China. Mr. Xi has made defense of maritime claims a central part of the governing Communist Party’s narrative that it has restored the nation to global greatness after long periods of humiliation by bigger powers. Any challenge to that narrative is seen in Beijing as a challenge to the party’s rule. On Wednesday morning, an escalating propaganda campaign in China against the tribunal reached a new pitch, with all the major news outlets condemning the decision and trumpeting China’s refusal to be back down. “We do not claim an inch of land that does not belong to us, but we won’t give up any patch that is ours,” said a   editorial in The People’s Daily, which ridiculed the tribunal as a “lackey of some outside forces” that would be remembered as a “laughingstock in human history. ” Some Chinese commentators have said in recent days that the leadership may respond with immediate military maneuvers in the South China Sea. “Whether it will be significant or large scale I cannot say,” said Shi Yinhong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing. China is hosting the Group of 20 summit meeting in September, a major international forum that it hopes will proceed without the distraction of conflict. But Mr. Shi said he was not sure the government had “that kind of patience” to wait until after the gathering before taking some sort of action. In a surprising opinion article on the India Today website over the weekend, a professor of international relations at Fudan University in Shanghai, Shen Dingli, wrote that Beijing needed to “revise its stance” and “employ a more effective approach” that maintained China’s “  ‘smiling’ image. ” The new president of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, has signaled that he will be more accommodating toward China than was his predecessor, Benigno S. Aquino III. The case before the tribunal was filed at the initiative of Mr. Aquino, whose term ended June 30. Soon after the case was filed, China began building artificial islands in the Spratly archipelago, much of which is claimed by the Philippines, in a move that many saw as a demonstration of contempt for the international court system. Experts in international law said that negotiations could be the most positive outcome of the case. In 1986, some noted, the United States ignored a ruling from the International Court of Justice that declared its mining of the harbors of Nicaragua to be illegal. Washington had not ratified the Convention on the Law of the Sea, and it still has not. But the ruling 30 years ago by the judges in The Hague emboldened congressional critics to cut funds for the Reagan administration’s campaign against the Sandinista government in Nicaragua, and it galvanized countries in Central America to seek a settlement of the conflict. China is not expected to vacate or dismantle the artificial islands it has built. That makes the legal arguments important, analysts said. “ “The tribunal rulings will move the goal posts towards the Philippines and the smaller countries,” said Markus Gehring, a lecturer in law at Cambridge University. In Manila, the former foreign secretary, Albert F. del Rosario, who brought the case after years of failed negotiations with China, said the path was now open for a lasting settlement of disputes in the South China Sea. “The award provides a basis to further talks and cooperation to encompass all parties, including China,” he said."
"title: Jill Abramson: ’Extremely Divisive’ Trump Is Benefiting From a ’Rage Machine’ - Breitbart author: Pam Key text: Sunday on CNN’s “GPS,” while discussing the negative political discourse playing a role in the shooting of Republicans practicing for a congressional charity baseball game, which critically injured House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) former executive editor of The New York Times Jill Abramson said President Donald Trump and Republicans are more responsible because they are “benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ”  Abramson said, “I do think that both sides are not equally at fault and that there’s been a bit of a false equivalency at work, especially in the discussion over the past couple of days. I think that in terms of political leadership right now that both President Trump and the congressional leadership on the Republican side are extremely divisive and that they are really benefitting from a kind of rage machine that operates in this country. ” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"title: Liberal Establishment in Meltdown Over Trump Immigration Pause author: Virginia Hale text: The liberal establishment in Britain has reacted with fury to U. S. President Donald J. Trump’s decision to pause immigration from some Muslim states. The policy is aimed at protecting U. S. citizens from “radical Islamic terror attacks”. [President Trump has put a temporary suspension on the U. S. refugee resettlement programme while tough new vetting rules are put in place, meaning that for 90 days no visas will be issued to migrants or visitors from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.  But angry MPs have dubbed the new security measures a “Muslim ban” with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn arguing on Sunday that Trump’s planned state visit to the UK should be postponed until he lifts restrictions. Claiming that the U. S. president used “awful misogynist language throughout the election campaign” and launched “awful attacks on Muslims” the Labour leader demanded that Theresa May “condemn Trump’s actions in the clearest terms”. He added: “Donald Trump should not be welcomed to Britain while he abuses our shared values with his shameful Muslim ban and attacks on refugees’ and women’s rights. ” Despite the fact that more walls are being built than ever before  —   65 countries have now erected fences on their borders compared to just 16 at the time of the Berlin Wall’s collapse  —   Corbyn also slammed Trump for what he said was “this absurd idea of building a wall with their nearest neighbour. ” In the past the Labour leader has himself come under fire for inviting controversial people and groups to the House of Commons, including Hamas. And in 1984, just weeks after the IRA bombed the Tory conference in Brighton, Corbyn invited Sinn Fein boss Gerry Adams to plug his autobiography. Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron, who has repeatedly said the will of the British people can be overturned and Brexit stopped, claimed that the President’s actions have “horrified the world”. Slamming Theresa May for being, in his view, insufficiently condemnatory of Trump, he said “at [a recent] press conference she contrived to make the Turkish government look liberal. “They said it was wrong to build walls. Rather than fighting to build a world that is open, tolerant and united, Theresa May is dividing the world in a very dangerous way. ” Farron neglected to mention the fact that Turkey is currently building a concrete wall barbed with wire along its border with Syria. Outrage over Trump’s actions has not been limited to the political class, with recently knighted athlete Mo Farah stating today that the president’s policy “comes from a place of ignorance and prejudice. ” Referring to his move to Britain from Somalia as a child, the   gold medallist said: “My story is an example of what can happen when you follow policies of compassion and understanding, not hate and isolation. ” While Farah is often hailed as a refugee success story, his younger brother Omar has a string of criminal convictions including for domestic burglary, and false imprisonment during a knife raid, for which he served a four and a half year sentence."
"title: Former DNC Data Director Calls Hillary Clinton’s Blame Game “F*cking Bulls*it” author: Adam Shaw text: Hillary Clinton’s latest narrative of blaming the Democratic National Committee and its “poor” data operation for her election loss has not been greeted kindly by those who worked for the DNC in 2016  —   with a former data director calling her claims “fucking bullshit. ”[Speaking at the annual Code Conference in California Wednesday, Clinton said that when she won the Democratic nomination, she “inherited nothing” from the DNC.  “I mean it was bankrupt, it was on the verge of insolvency, its data was mediocre to poor, nonexistent, wrong. I had to inject money into it,” Clinton said. She then compared it to the Republican National Committee operation, which under   Chair Reince Priebus had bumped up its tech operation after its 2012 defeat. “So Trump becomes the nominee and he is basically handed this tried and true, effective foundation,” she added. Her remarks add the DNC to a seemingly endless set of people and groups she blames for her defeat, including Russia, the FBI, misogynists and the New York Times. But some Democrats are pushing back. Former DNC Data Director Andrew Therriault tweeted that Clinton’s accusations are “fucking bullshit. ” “DNC data folks: today’s accusations are fucking bullshit, and I hope you understand the good you did despite that nonsense,” he tweeted. “Private mode be damned, this is too important,” he added. “I’m not willing to let my people be thrown under the bus without a fight. ” Therriault apparently deleted his tweets, but they were published by The Washington Examiner. However, he left up his retweets of tweets by Democratic strategist Tom Bonier  —   who also criticized Clinton’s remarks. One more: Clinton literally inherited some of the most   staffers I’ve seen, who moved from the DNC to Brooklyn after June.  —   Tom Bonier (@tbonier) June 1, 2017,  Therriault and Bonier aren’t the only Democrats upset with Clinton’s remarks. NBC host Andrea Mitchell accused Clinton Wednesday of “drawing a conspiracy theory” over her claims. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY"
"title: Hands Off My Smiley Face: Emoji Become Corporate Tools - The New York Times author: Amanda Hess text: At last week’s Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple’s annual showcase of new tech, the company announced a special texting feature coming soon to iPhones near you. “You know, sometimes you’ve typed a whole message and you realize at the end that you’re entirely lacking in emojification,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president for software engineering. “So we provided the solution: When you tap on the emoji button, we’ll highlight all the emojifiable words there, and you can just tap, tap, tap, tap and emojify. ” On a screen behind Mr. Federighi, a simulated message underwent the process: The word “basketball” transformed into a little black and orange cartoon image of the ball itself. “Pizza” flipped into a glistening pepperoni slice. “Movie” turned into an   film camera. A collective “Ooh” wafted up from the technorati gathered in the crowd. “Children of tomorrow will have no understanding of the English language,” Mr. Federighi said jokingly. But Apple’s new emoji feature seems more likely to impede a different kind of skill: creating surprising, figurative and subversive forms of individual expression out of the digital ephemera that populate our devices. In a rush to harness the power of the web’s most evocative cultural units  —   emoji and their hyperactive cousins, GIFs  —   tech companies, corporate brands and entrepreneurial social media stars could risk inadvertently flattening the creative world that’s sprung up around them. “There is a constant push and pull between people finding new ways to express themselves online, and companies trying to make money off that expression,” said Luke Stark, who studies digital communication and psychology. Emoji have emerged as cultural forces in and of themselves. The crisp,   glyphs form a modern emotional palette. And it’s growing: On Tuesday, the Unicode Consortium, the body that standardizes emoji, will release 72 new ones that will soon make their way to our fingertips, including a black heart, a wilted flower and a pregnant woman. Emoji began as colorful icons loaded into Japanese pagers in the 1990s. When they first migrated to American devices several years ago, discovering emoji felt like opening a grab bag of Japanese curios: smiley faces, yes, but also a buffet of Japanese foods (a cut of sashimi, a fish cake, a bottle of sake) and a host of untranslatable images. But the emoji soon took on new meanings as they made their way to new countries and subcultures  —   like the information desk person emoji (recast as a sassy retort) or the eggplant emoji (which usurped the banana to become the internet’s favorite phallic symbol). In a group chat, adding emoji can feel like tacking up posters on the walls of a virtual clubhouse. A lively sequence can stoke flirtatious undertones or show off sparkling wit. One perfectly chosen emoji could suspend a mood in time, like an ’80s movie that ends on an exultant freeze frame. If emoji encourage visual puns and whimsical juxtapositions, GIFs inspire a sharp curatorial sensibility. The art lies in detecting the richest slices of popular media  —   film, TV or amateur video  —   and punctuating their greatness by setting them on infinite repeat. The best “reaction” GIFs  —   those chosen to inject human expression in online conversation  —   feel both emotionally familiar and visually surprising. But when emojis and GIFs are filtered through the interests of tech companies, they often become slickly automated. In addition to Apple’s “emojification” feature, there is Twitter’s new GIF keyboard (a partnership with the GIF company Giphy, which has been pumped with $78. 95 million worth of funding since 2013). It directs Twitter users to choose from a suite of emotional reactions, including “Agree,” “Applause,” “Aww” and “Eww,” which conjures a set of appropriate GIFs,   with those featuring the internet’s most GIFable celebrities, like Beyoncé and Oprah. Searching for a delicious bite of pop culture once took on the contours of a treasure hunt. A GIF keyboard feels like a shortcut: Click “GIF,” find an emotional state (“Agree”) then filter it through your cultural lens of choice (like Jerry Seinfeld saying “riiiiiight right right right right right. ”). Tap, tap, tap:  . It all feels simpatico with Facebook’s new “reactions,” released in February, which offer users a slim range of human experiences  —   Anger, Sad, Wow, Haha and Love  —   with which to react to news on their feed. Buying into these features means giving tech companies the power to shape our creative expressions in ways that further enrich the companies themselves. A limited emotional range helps collect data on users’ states of mind. Twitter advertisers can now target users based on the emoji they tweet. The commodification of digital culture has engendered more explicit corporate branding, too. On Snapchat, where users embellish their selfies with emoji, crayon scribbles, and elaborate “lenses” that cover their faces with virtual masks, marketers like McDonalds are seizing the opportunity to write their messages across people’s faces. Even celebrities have tried to encode themselves. In December, Kim   released her latest pioneering app, Kimoji, which serves up an alternative emoji set (and a suite of GIFs) designed around her own image. It inspired a boomlet of celebrity emoji offerings, including Stephen Curry’s StephMoji app, Amber Rose’s MuvaMoji, Justin Bieber’s Justmoji and the actor Ansel Elgort’s Anselfie. Even Drake’s dad has emoji now. With Kimoji, and its micro images of breasts and butts, Kim Kardashian isn’t just sexy: She represents sex itself. But as more stars jump on the bandwagon, these apps begin to represent little more than a branding opportunity: Ansel Elgort sticking out his tongue Ansel Elgort pouting Ansel Elgort wearing headphones. Meanwhile, as traditional emoji expand beyond their Japanese roots, tech companies like Apple, Microsoft and Google (all are voting members of Unicode) have become responsible for making cultural, and sometimes political, choices in determining which new emoji will make the cut. Some additions to the emoji repertoire are informed by experts: Unicode has consulted the Cornell Lab of Ornithology for bird emoji advice. Others are culled from “popular requests from online communities” and proposals submitted by the public. Companies have also made bids to influence the result, though Unicode says it rejects emojis “strongly associated with a particular brand. ” Last year, the ad agency Havas London started a campaign on behalf of Durex, calling for a condom emoji. Cerveza Indio wants a dark beer emoji. Ballantine’s has championed a glass of whiskey. The rice company La Fallera suggested a paella emoji. (The whiskey and paella made the cut both are coming on Tuesday.) For the Olympics, Unicode recently considered encoding a rifle emoji alongside other   glyphs, but members voted it down. “When vendors looked at it, they didn’t see a lot of additional value in adding it,” said Mark Davis, a Unicode spokesman. “There’s already a firearm in Unicode. ” That decision has helped stoke concerns that modern visual language is being shaped by the political or financial priorities of gigantic tech companies. While many don’t see the advantage of emojifying another gun, others wonder whether heightened scrutiny could lead to less idiosyncratic, less interesting characters. “One of the things that make emoji fun is this quirky weird list that came about through accidents of history,” said Jeremy Burge, the founder of Emojipedia and a member of Unicode’s emoji subcommittee. “The bomb, the cigarette, the dripping syringe  —   it’s crazy to think that all of those would make it in today. ”"
"title: Nancy Pelosi Caught on Hot Mic to Dem Rep Carson: ‘Tell Them You’re A Muslim’ - Breitbart author: Pam Key text: Monday night in front of the Supreme Court at a Democratic leadership news conference about President Donald Trump’s immigration executive order, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) was heard on a hot mic encouraging Rep. Andre Carson ( ) to tell the crowd he is a Muslim.  Partial transcript as follows: CARSON: Greetings from the great state of Indiana. I’m Congressman Andre Carson. PELOSI (OFF MIC): Tell them you’re a Muslim. Tell them you’re a Muslim. CARSON: Not only do I represent Indiana’s seventh congressional district very proudly, but I happen to be a Muslim and a former police officer. (  Free Beacon) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"title: Nancy Sinatra Slams CNN, Congratulates Trump: ’Why Do You Lie, CNN?’ - Breitbart author: Charlie Nash text: Daughter of Frank Sinatra, Nancy Sinatra, accused CNN of deliberately twisting a comment she made in reference to President Trump, before congratulating the 45th President of the United States on his inauguration. [Responding to an article published by CNN originally entitled, “Nancy Sinatra not happy Trump using father’s song at inauguration,” the    singer and actress replied, “That’s not true. I never said that. Why do you lie, CNN?”   CNN’s story was based on a tweet from Sinatra that has since been deleted that said, “Just remember the first line of the song,” in reference to the planned use of Frank Sinatra’s “My Way” for Donald and Melania Trump’s first dance at the Liberty Ball on Inauguration Day. CNN has since amended the story, changing the headline to “Sinatra on Trump picking ‘My Way’: Remember the first line,” and adding a note that “This story has been updated to reflect Sinatra’s reaction. ” Sinatra appears to have deleted the tweet accusing CNN of lying after they updated their story’s headline and text. She also congratulated the 45th president, tweeting, “Good luck to you. ” Congratulations, Mr. President. Good luck to you. 🇺🇸  —   Nancy Sinatra (@NancySinatra) January 20, 2017,  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"title: Measles Outbreak in Minnesota’s Somali Community author: Michael Patrick Leahy text: A recent outbreak of measles is the latest public health problem among Somalis who live in metropolitan  . Paul, Minnesota, home to the largest Somali community in the country. [Measles now joins active tuberculosis as a public health problem within Minnesota’s Somali community.  “During the five years between 2010 and 2014, 732 cases of active TB were diagnosed in Minnesota. Of these, 81 percent, or 593, were  . Of   cases, 50 percent, or 296, were refugees, according to “The Epidemiology of Tuberculosis in Minnesota, ” a report published by the Minnesota Department of Health,” Breitbart News noted in October. “  percent of the 593   cases of active TB diagnosed in Minnesota [between 2012 and 2015] or 161, were attributed to Somali born migrants. Almost all Somali migrants to the United States have arrived under the federal refugee resettlement program,” Breitbart News reported at the time. “The Hennepin County measles outbreak grew to 20 cases Monday, after eight new infections were confirmed. State health officials said all the cases have occurred within the   community, and they urged parents to get the measles vaccine for themselves and their children if they are unvaccinated,” the Star Tribune reported last week:  The outbreak is expected to produce many more cases and could exceed the 2011 outbreak of 26 cases, according to Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease director at the Minnesota Health Department. So far, all of those who have caught the measles in this outbreak are 5 years old or younger. Exposure has occurred at several day care centers. Since the first case was detected two weeks ago, health investigators have been trying to identify anyone unvaccinated exposed to the virus, which is highly contagious. It can take up to three weeks for measles symptoms to develop. “The Health Department recommended Monday that the schedule for a second dose be accelerated for any   children who had received the initial shot, which they said is a common practice during outbreaks,” the Star Tribune reported: The eight new infections in this outbreak include for the first time at least one baby under 12 months, an age group that has been of concern to public health officials because they typically lack immunity protection. Investigators have examined the vaccination records of 16 of those infected, and none of them had received the MMR shot. Records for the other four are still being collected. Measles symptoms include coughing, a sore throat, fever and a blotchy skin rash. It can lead to pneumonia and encephalitis, or swelling of the brain, and in same cases is fatal. “According to a health department official, Minnesota’s Somali immigrant community has been a particular target of the   movement, colloquially known as ‘’ ” Mic. com reported last week: “They’re very much engaged with and targeting this community,” Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease division director at the Minnesota Health Department, said in a phone call Wednesday. According to Ehresmann,   groups began to target the Somali community around 2008, amid concerns about autism among   children.   groups started reaching out to the Somali community and showing up at community health meetings, she said, disseminating misinformation linking autism to the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine, or MMR. Since then, the population has seen a “steady decline in MMR vaccine rates. ” “At least one   figure in the   movement has made special trips just to speak to Somali immigrants. In 2011, Andrew Wakefield, a man who has been called the “father of the   movement,” showed up in Minnesota in the midst of what was then the state’s first major measles outbreak in years, the Star Tribune reported at the time,” Mic. com added. Ehresmann said that wasn’t Wakefield’s first trip to speak to Somali families in Minnesota  —   she believes he visited once before, in 2008, when   were first arriving to spread misinformation. Wakefield, the   British doctor who published a widely shared and subsequently discredited paper implying a link between vaccines and autism, traveled to Minneapolis to hold a private forum for Somali immigrants. The meeting was described at the time as a “support group” for families of autistic children, the Star Tribune reported. Hennepin County  is also the site of two recent cases of active tuberculosis at local public high schools, as Breitbart News reported in February: Another case of active tuberculosis (TB) has been diagnosed in Hennepin County, Minnesota public schools, local officials confirmed on Wednesday. The new case has been diagnosed in “a person at Central Middle School in Eden Prairie,” KARE TV reports. This marks the second time in two months Hennepin County Department of Health officials have confirmed that a person at a public school in the county has been diagnosed with active TB. In January, Hennepin County Public Health Department officials reported that a person at St. Louis Park High School had been diagnosed with active TB. The letter to parents from St. Louis Park Public Schools informing them of the case of active TB in January was sent in three languages: English, Spanish, and Somali, Breitbart News reported."
"title: Dennis Rodman Gives North Korea’s Kim Jong-Un Trump’s ’Art of the Deal’ - Breitbart author: Trent Baker text: Dennis Rodman gives Kim Jong Un eclectic gifts that include ”Where’s Waldo,” Trump’s book, mermaid puzzle and soap. https:  .  pic. twitter.  NBA Hall of Fame’s Dennis Rodman is in North Korea visiting dictator Kim   “trying to open a door” between the North Korea leader and United States President Donald Trump.  Thursday, Rodman did just that, giving North Korea’s sports minister a copy of Trump’s book “The Art of the Deal,” among other gifts, intended for Kim  . Along with Trump’s book, Rodman gifted the North Korean dictator with two autographed generic basketball jerseys, bath soap sets, a mermaid jigsaw puzzle and a “Where’s Waldo?” book. Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent"
"title: Germany’s Extreme Right Challenges Guilt Over Nazi Past  - The New York Times author: Amanda Taub and Max Fisher text: DRESDEN, Germany  —   At a   beer hall on Tuesday evening, the lean blond man’s voice boomed out over a crowd of hundreds  —   some   and   but with a contingent of polished young professionals. “The AfD is the last revolutionary, the last peaceful chance for our fatherland,” declared the man, Björn Höcke, referring to the political party Alternative for Germany, and employing a reverential term for Germany, one of several nationalist buzzwords usually shunned in the country’s politics. “Jawohl!” a few shouted. “Yes!” When Mr. Höcke (pronounced  ) lamented that “German history is handled as rotten and made to look ridiculous”  —   a subtle but clear reference to guilt for the Holocaust and other Nazi war crimes  —   the crowd responded by chanting, “Deutschland, Deutschland. ” His speech at the rally in Dresden on Tuesday touched off a wave of national alarm by challenging Germany’s national atonement for the Holocaust and for its Nazi crimes. His comments drew broad criticism for their venom and because Mr. Höcke, a rising star in the AfD, has found growing success with his messages of extreme nationalism. Shouting to be heard over cheering supporters, many of whom stood, Mr. Höcke challenged the collective national guilt over the war that has restrained German politics for three generations. At times he used language that seemed to hint at lamenting Nazi Germany’s defeat. Germans were “the only people in the world to plant a monument of shame in the heart of its capital,” he said, referring to a memorial to murdered Jews in Berlin. He added that Germans had the “mentality of a totally vanquished people. ” Mr. Höcke, who began his speech by triumphantly raising his arms over his head, represents the rightward flank of Alternative for Germany, an already   party. But his speech and the crowd’s energetic reception of his words offer a glimpse of the relatively new party’s threat to German politics. He is on the fringe, but that fringe is growing in numbers and in willingness to defy the usual restraints, to the rising alarm of Germany’s establishment leaders, who on Wednesday denounced his comments. Sigmar Gabriel, leader of the Social Democrats and the country’s vice chancellor, shot back in a Facebook post showing a banner splashed across an image of Mr. Höcke standing at a lectern, reading: “To remember the millions of victims of the Nazis is no weakness. Baiting the helpless to promote yourself is weakness. ” The chairman of the Green Party for the state of Saxony, Jürgen Kasek, on Twitter called for the speech to be checked for possible violations of   laws. He accused Mr. Höcke of saying things that violated the spirit of the Constitution “in the style of national socialism. ” The Central Council of Jews in Germany, in a statement, called the comments “deeply deplorable and fully unacceptable. ” Charlotte Knobloch, a former president of the council, told the newspaper Stimme Heilbronner that Mr. Höcke’s speech was “unbearable agitation,” and she warned that “the AfD is poisoning the political culture and social debate in Germany. ” Mr. Höcke’s comments even drew a rebuke from the chairwoman of Alternative for Germany, Frauke Petry, who said they were out of line and “straining” the party. Ms. Petry and Mr. Höcke have been locked in a power struggle for months over how far to the right to position the party, which was originally founded on an   platform. The party is polling at nearly 15 percent, ahead of some mainstream parties, for this fall’s national election. Its rapid rise demonstrates that German nationalist politics can find a foothold in unexpected places, for example among educated young people like those at Tuesday’s rally. Those   many in coat and tie, looked   and primly trendy. Most of the men wore their hair buzzed close on the sides and long and floppy on top, separated by a severe side parting that seemed unmistakably evocative of Hitler’s. Mainstream parties in Germany have long eschewed   politics  —   in the style of   movements  —   and have avoided shows of overt nationalism. But that leaves an opening: A populist party like Alternative for Germany can indulge those ideas just enough to excite its supporters without scaring off larger groups of voters. The Alternative for Germany supporters who were gathered in Dresden, the capital of Saxony, seemed animated in a way that is unusual when it comes to modern politics in Germany. Most Germans rarely feel allowed to get excited about their political beliefs or, just as sensitive an issue, about their national identity. The atmosphere lent the evening a feeling of thrilling transgression, as if the act of cheering   ideas was as important, or perhaps more so, than the ideas themselves. Julian M. Wälder, a    law student, said he had initially joined the youth league of the Christian Democratic Union, the   party to which Chancellor Angela Merkel belongs. But the party did not feel like “real politics,” he said. Alternative for Germany, Mr. Wälder said, finally felt genuine. This is a core part of the party’s message: While other parties are all the same, only Alternative for Germany really expresses the popular will. Mr. Wälder and other young attendees seemed tense  —   the location of the gathering was kept secret until that morning in a failed attempt to avoid the   protesters who often gather outside the semiregular rallies  —   but they were jovial. The rally on Tuesday felt, if not like a watershed, then a glimpse of a wider, more gradual change. Calls for asserting a strong national identity are not pernicious on their own  —   all nations have identities, after all  —   but they remain somewhat taboo in Germany. And that taboo is precisely the point. Only the fringes would be brazen enough to champion a nationalist identity. But that risks letting those fringes define its contours. Mr. Höcke, for instance, disavowed a famous 1985 speech by Richard von Weizsacker, then the president of Germany, that called for the Allied victory to be seen as the liberation of the German people, not as their defeat. Mr. Höcke called Mr. Weizsacker’s address “a speech against his own people, and not for his own people. ” Since 2015, when Germany received nearly a million asylum seekers, Alternative for Germany has sought to portray national identity as under threat from migration and multiculturalism. Establishment parties and other enemies, Mr. Höcke told the crowd, “are liquidating our beloved German fatherland, like a piece of soap under warm running water. But we, we beloved friends, we patriots, we will close this open tap, and we will win back our Germany, piece by piece. ” Yascha Mounk, a lecturer at Harvard and a fellow at the Transatlantic Academy of the German Marshall Fund, said Germany had a style of government that could leave an especially wide opening for fringe parties. Because the German parties tend to govern in a grand,   coalition, voters often see little change when parties shift in and out. Politics in Germany usually play out in quiet, polite negotiations among members of the coalition, rather than in dramatic, public clashes between competing parties. The coalition blocks fringe parties like Alternative for Germany, which can then paint mainstream politics as an elite conspiracy to impose unpopular policies and to shut down real debate. The crowd, at one point, chanted a line Mr. Wälder has also used: “We are the outsiders. ” It was a jarring moment, as many of the “outsiders” were young, white and wore suits and ties  —   seemingly the definition of an insider in Germany. Because these young Germans say that the political establishment has denied them sufficient pride in their national identity, they feel as if they are being oppressed, even though they have every right and live in a country that has one of Europe’s   economies. But young and old supporters of Alternative for Germany seemed to find something at Tuesday’s rally that is not common among   politics: a sense of impending victory. Not in the sense that they would oust Ms. Merkel’s government this fall  —   she is likely to retain power  —   but in the belief that their movement would quickly shape and perhaps one day overcome a system that they see as denying them their German pride. Mr. Mounk said that the rise of extremist voices may have been inevitable, given the failure of mainstream parties to satisfy the desires for national   and for charismatic politics. That left an opening for Mr. Höcke to deliver a message “beyond the usual gripes about being too ashamed of being German,” Mr. Mounk added, “implying, though never quite stating outright, that defeat in 1945 was a bad thing. ” Mr. Höcke concluded his speech on Tuesday with a rallying call. “Beloved friends, we must do little less than make history, so that there will be for us Germans, us Europeans, a future,” he said, as the audience stood, cheered and chanted his name. He added, “We can make history, and we are doing it. ”"
"title: Potent Critiques of NBC Forum Raise Stakes for Moderators - The New York Times author: Michael M. Grynbaum text: As criticism rained down on Matt Lauer, the NBC anchor whose handling of a   presidential forum on Wednesday received an onslaught of poor reviews, there was one select group of television journalists whose reaction ran along simpler lines: Gulp. For the anchors chosen to preside over this fall’s presidential debates, the excoriation of Mr. Lauer was a   call signaling what modern viewers now expect from a moderator  —   and a stark example of how media figures can become partisan flash points in a   election. On Friday, for the second straight day, aides to Hillary Clinton accused Mr. Lauer of being unfair to their candidate, blasting out a   email saying he “let Donald Trump walk all over him. ” Borrowing a page from Mr. Trump’s   playbook, Mrs. Clinton’s campaign asked supporters to donate because “we have to do what the press won’t. ” Conservative websites like Breitbart News portrayed the attacks on Mr. Lauer as a   pressure tactic, saying that the criticism could encourage future moderators to go easier on Mrs. Clinton  —   and be tougher on her opponent. Mr. Trump, for his part, declared at a rally, “I thought Matt Lauer did a very good job. ” All this foreshadows more scrutiny, and perhaps anxiety, for the debate moderators  —   Anderson Cooper of CNN, Lester Holt of NBC, Martha Raddatz of ABC and Chris Wallace of Fox News  —   whose encounters with the candidates could draw record audiences. Mr. Wallace, asked on Fox News this week if he was excited or nervous about his debate gig, flashed a sly smile. “The answer is yes,” he replied dryly. His fellow moderators have not discussed their preparations. But Bob Schieffer, the veteran CBS anchor who moderated presidential debates in 2004, 2008 and 2012, said in an interview that several had reached out to him for counsel. Citing professional decorum, he declined to name names, but said they had expressed variations on the same joke: What have I gotten myself into here? “It’s different from the kind of scrutiny that I’ve gotten,” Mr. Schieffer said, referring to the glaring spotlight on this year’s moderators. “It’s just exponentially more. ” Mr. Wallace raised eyebrows after saying that he did not consider    —   or “” in his words  —   to be a central component of his moderating role. His comments circulated again in the days after what was arguably Mr. Lauer’s most memorable misstep, when he failed to challenge Mr. Trump’s false claim that he had opposed the Iraq war. The notion of a moderator as a   “is too simplistic,” said the Rev. John I. Jenkins, the president of the University of Notre Dame and a board member of the Commission on Presidential Debates, the nonpartisan group that oversees the events. “What a good journalist does is ask   questions that challenge the candidate to explain. ” “The moderator can’t do it all the onus falls on us a little bit, as the body politic,” to determine if a candidate is plausible, he added. “The moderator can make a mistake by being the voice of God, saying, ‘Here’s the way it is. ’” He said he did not watch the NBC forum. But he added that the commission had sought out moderators who would facilitate a civil and sober discussion  —   “It sounds a little moralizing, but I’m a priest, so indulge me,” he said  —   in contrast with what he considered flashier, less substantive debates during the primaries.     is an increasingly visible tool of the modern political press, particularly in a     campaign where candidates frequently bend facts and audiences often rely on partisan news outlets to interpret them. There is also the presence of Mr. Trump, a candidate who freely dissembles in a manner rarely seen in a presidential campaign. Still, Mr. Schieffer, of CBS, said he believed that “the chief   should be the candidates. ” “If one of them says something wrong, or inconsistent with what they have said previously, the other candidate should have the first opportunity to call them on it,” Mr. Schieffer said. Failing that, he added, “it’s the moderator’s responsibility to set the record straight. ” Mr. Lauer spoke with Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump    so he could not rely on the candidate’s opponent to jump in to contradict a dubious claim. Asked about Mr. Lauer’s performance, Mr. Schieffer demurred, saying, “I’m not in the habit of piling on. ” Others were less shy in the wake of the broadcast. Representative Charles B. Rangel of New York and Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, speaking at the Capitol, expressed annoyance at what they saw as Mr. Lauer’s lackluster attempt to hold Mr. Trump accountable for some of his more unusual comments. “He missed the whole boat,” Mr. Rangel said, referring to Mr. Lauer. Jennifer Palmieri, Mrs. Clinton’s communications director, contacted NBC News executives to discuss Wednesday’s forum, according to two people familiar with the discussion. Internally, the Clinton campaign believed the backlash against NBC could ultimately be beneficial, if the moderators of the coming debates are on eggshells about ensuring equal treatment and holding Mr. Trump to account. Mrs. Clinton, for her part, was already in a motorcade to her home in Chappaqua, N. Y. when Mr. Trump appeared with Mr. Lauer. While the Democratic nominee did not consider Mr. Lauer’s questions out of bounds, she did relish the subsequent coverage of the event that suggested Mr. Trump had gotten off easy, said a person familiar with her thinking. On Friday, the chairman of NBC News, Andrew Lack, sent an upbeat memo to his staff that declared the forum a success, noting that the event had generated days of headlines about Mr. Trump’s praise of the Russian president, Vladimir V. Putin, and criticism of the American military leadership. “Matt did a tremendous job  —   driving one of the most serious discussions to date on these topics,” wrote Mr. Lack, who is close with Mr. Lauer. The pressure on NBC News, however, is not likely to relent: the network’s evening news anchor, Mr. Holt, is set to oversee the first presidential debate, set for Sept. 26 at Hofstra University on Long Island. Mr. Schieffer, who at 79 has watched more than a  ’s worth of debates, said he had faith that this year’s moderators would be prepared. But, Mr. Schieffer added: “There won’t be a perfect debate. There hasn’t been one yet. ”"
"title: Paul: Will a GOP Congress Ever Balance the Budget? - Breitbart author: Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) text: Two months after the election heard around the world, I’m worried that the more things have changed, the more they have stayed the same in Congress. [Voters swept the Republican Party into full control of the federal government, expecting us to honor our promises to put a stop to a reckless status quo that is mortgaging their futures.  So what’s the first order of business for Republicans in Congress? To pass a budget that doesn’t balance.  Ever. To pass a budget that will put our voters on the hook for $9. 7 trillion of new debt over ten years. Is that really what we campaigned on?  Is that why voters turned out to the polls? I know it’s not why Kentucky sent me to Congress.  The budget’s defenders tried to sell me on it as just a “vehicle to repeal Obamacare. ”  I’ve even been told that it’s “just numbers” and not really a budget.  The legislation’s own title clearly says otherwise.  The numbers “really” say it will add $9. 7 trillion of new debt. But if these are indeed only numbers on a page, and if what’s in the budget doesn’t actually matter, then why don’t we at least use numbers that balance?  Why don’t we put a vision into the budget that represents what we as Republicans claim to stand for? Republicans say we are the conservative party.  Are we?  During President George W. Bush’s eight years, and under a partially Republican Congress, the national debt doubled from $5 trillion to $10 trillion.  The response?  “Well, he had Democrats to deal with, and if we could ever take all three branches of government, things would be different. ” The debt has gone on to nearly double again under President Obama, and finally the conservative party  —   the supposedly conservative party  —   has won all three branches.  So what are we looking at?  More debt, with the same kind of numbers we rightfully railed against during the Obama years! Congress has special rules for passing a budget that we can use to repeal Obamacare.  I’m all for that approach, as long as that budget moves us toward fiscal responsibility.  As a physician, you won’t find anyone more excited to get rid of Obamacare than me.  But are we so hurried that we can’t even be bothered to vote on a budget that represents our conservative view and doesn’t add $9. 7 trillion to the debt? This is outrageous, and it is unacceptable.  And I’m fighting back. We don’t need to choose between either repealing Obamacare or putting forward a budget that balances.  We can do both  —   without a single Democrat vote!  We have no excuse.  On Monday, the Senate will go on record on an amendment I am offering that will strike and replace the current budget resolution.  My alternative presents a conservative vision by freezing   spending and balancing by 2024  —   without changing Social Security.  And it still repeals Obamacare! It even starts in 2018 so as to allow agencies plenty of time to adjust to new spending levels.  By containing zero specific cuts to any function of government, it also offers Congress and the administration a chance to work together to prioritize spending. Is there really a difference between how a Republican and a Democrat Congress act?  We’ll soon find out.  But I need your help.  I need your senator and representative to hear from you with a clear message that says, “Enough is enough. ” Let’s balance the budget and repeal Obamacare.  Let’s do both now, and let’s honor our commitment to be the change voters called for in November."
"title: ‘It Finally Clicked That This Wasn’t an Exercise’: Report Recounts San Bernardino Shooting - The New York Times author: Richard Pérez-Peña and Adam Goldman text: The two masked killers burst through a door and, without saying a word, swept the conference room with semiautomatic rifle fire, spraying more than 100 rounds before they fled, just two or three minutes later. A new report chronicles in vivid detail the Dec. 2 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. where Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, killed 14 people and wounded 24 others. The couple pledged allegiance to the Islamic State, committed the rampage and died hours later in a wild shootout with the police, when Mr. Farook was shot 25 times and Ms. Malik was hit 13 times. The report contains the first official account of how the killers were identified and tracked down, with a handful of officers playing crucial roles. And it reveals a wealth of specifics that had not been made public before, including the number of gunshots, and the horrors that officers and victims encountered. The scene that police officers found minutes after the massacre overwhelmed the senses: dozens of maimed or dead bodies, spattered and pooling blood, the haze and smell of gunfire, a shattered pipe pouring water from the ceiling, a wailing alarm. And wounded victims pleading for help, clutching at officers whose first priority was to find the attackers. The report was produced by the Police Foundation, a policy study group in Washington, with help from the Justice Department and local law enforcement agencies the authors interviewed more than 200 people, from police chiefs to survivors. After The New York Times obtained a draft version and reported on its contents, the Justice Department on Friday released the final document. Some details changed  —   including the number of times the killers were shot, how many shots they fired and how their vehicle was traced  —   but the overall picture was unaltered. Three men tried to stop the slaughter, rushing Mr. Farook, but he shot all three, the earlier version of the report said. It did not say whether the men survived. The anecdote was left out of the final report, but a Justice Department official confirmed that it was correct. The report shows how officers from multiple agencies handled a rapidly unfolding crisis, making decisions on the fly, often with little coordination or direction. The results were quick, sometimes heroic responses that may have saved lives but also created confusion and mistakes, though none proved fatal. Perhaps most disturbing, more than six hours passed before officers searched a bag the killers had left at the scene of the shooting. Inside were three pipe bombs. The victims were familiar with the site of the massacre, a conference room at the Inland Regional Center where about 80 employees of the San Bernardino County Department of Public Health were attending a training session. They had met there before  —   in fact, many of them had attended   training in that same room a year earlier. Mr. Farook, 28, was born in the United States to parents from Pakistan. Ms. Malik, 29, was born in Pakistan but had lived much of her life in Saudi Arabia. After they met and married in 2014 in Saudi Arabia, she moved to the United States, obtained legal residence and gave birth to a daughter. Mr. Farook, a food inspector whose colleagues never suspected him of radicalism, put the bag with the bombs in the room and left. He and his wife returned about half an hour later, shortly before 11 a. m. masked and clad in black, armed with   rifles  —   a civilian variant of the military   rifle  —   and semiautomatic pistols. Mr. Farook’s rifle had been modified in a failed attempt to make it fully automatic. The first people killed were two men sitting outside along the walkway to the conference room. One was shot while eating at a picnic table the other was found with his cellphone still in his hand. The couple then entered the conference room and opened fire, calmly emptying and reloading their rifles. A county official quoted in the draft version of the report said he thought at first that it was “the most glorified training I had ever seen,” adding, “probably on the second or third clip, it finally clicked that this wasn’t an exercise. ” Some people ran through the far door, deeper into the building. Others ducked under tables or hid in bathrooms, closets and cupboards. One woman dashed through the door the attackers had entered, but they shot her dead as she fled. A bullet ripped through a wall and wounded a woman in another room. One woman quoted in the earlier version of the report said that as she lay wounded, a female   who had been shot in the head asked her to call her mother to say goodbye. She tried to comfort the other woman, saying she was all right. “‘I’m not, I’m bleeding from the mouth,’ the colleague said before closing her eyes for good,” the report said. Within six minutes of the first 911 call, San Bernardino officers reached the center  —   not a team, just the scattered few who arrived fastest. One was riding in a car driven by a trainee when the call came, he took the wheel, sped to the scene, grabbed his shotgun and helmet, and told the trainee to hide. Thinking the attackers were still present, the first four officers entered the south side of the conference room. They followed their   training, arranging themselves like the points of a diamond. They stuck to the guideline “locate, isolate, evacuate,” meaning find and neutralize the threat before helping victims. Officers from the county Probation Department quickly arrived and set up a triage area for the wounded. “The terror in their eyes was unbelievable it was scarier than the wounds,” a probation sergeant said. The draft version of the report quoted another sergeant describing a woman with “a hole in her leg that was the size of a cereal bowl,” who said, with a blank expression, “I am going to die, please don’t let me die. ” A San Bernardino SWAT team reached the scene within 11 minutes of the first call. A second SWAT team, drawn from the police departments of surrounding cities, came shortly after. Soon there were legions of officers from several local agencies. Many of them “” heading to the scene without waiting for instructions, which produced a rapid response but also uncertainty about who was doing what. The report describes confusion and missteps similar to those that marked the police response to other mass attacks, like the Washington Navy Yard shooting in 2013 and the shooting at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo. in 2012. But the authors of the report also praised San   law enforcement agencies, noting that they had learned from previous episodes and had practiced working together. The SWAT teams went room to room through the multiple buildings of the Inland Regional Center, which houses social service agencies, but they had no protocol for marking which rooms had been searched. Officers stood outside with their guns trained on the second and third floors of one building, incorrectly suspecting that the shooters were hiding there. So many emergency vehicles were parked at random angles that ambulances could not get close to the complex, and officers carried the wounded out. Despite the confusion, emergency workers got all of the wounded to hospitals within 57 minutes of the first 911 call  —   inside the “golden hour” that experts say is a critical benchmark. All of them survived. Investigators spent almost three hours inspecting a package on the second floor that proved harmless, but officers did not notice the bag containing the pipe bombs until 5:08 p. m. After the shootout with the terrorists, some officers said that while they were still trying to record the crime scene, federal agents were already removing evidence like weapons and a cellphone. A rookie officer got a crucial piece of information while interviewing witnesses and forwarded it to his father, a police sergeant. A county health worker had noticed that Mr. Farook had left early and told the officer that “there was just something about the shooter, from his body language to his body composition, that seemed familiar. ” A search turned up several people in the region named Syed Farook, and officers were sent to all of the addresses. After the police put out word that a black S. U. V. had been seen leaving the center, several people called with tips, including one caller who had memorized a Utah license plate. A Police Department analyst found that the   vehicle belonged to a rental car company and learned by calling the company that the S. U. V. had been rented by a Syed Farook. Word went out on the radio that he lived a few minutes away, in the city of Redlands. Among those responding was a San Bernardino police narcotics team, but other officers did not know that. The narcotics officers were undercover, driving unmarked cars and not talking on their radios, in case criminals were listening. As they neared the Redlands address, the narcotics officers saw the S. U. V. and followed it. One officer flagged down a passing Redlands police sergeant and told him what was happening the sergeant put the information out over the police radio. The sergeant and a sheriff’s deputy joined the undercover officers following the couple. After the couple drove back to San Bernardino, the sergeant tried to pull them over, alerting them that they were being followed. Ms. Malik started shooting at the officers through the back window of the S. U. V. Mr. Farook then stopped the vehicle and stepped out, firing his rifle as his wife kept shooting from the back seat. Together they fired at least 81 shots and had almost 2, 400 more rounds of ammunition, but as more officers arrived, they were heavily outgunned. Most of the shots that hit Mr. Farook struck his legs, possibly because officers believed  —   erroneously  —   that the couple were wearing body armor. Two of the 13 rounds that hit Ms. Malik struck her in the head. The shootout lasted about three minutes, but in that time, 24 officers fired at least 440 rounds, riddling the S. U. V. with bullet holes. By the time it ended, more than 175 local, state and federal officers were at the scene. Remarkably, only two officers were hurt, each with a wound to the thigh. One did not realize he had been hit until 13 hours later, when he took a shower."
"title: Comedy Central Launches Late-Night Trump-Mocking ’President Show’ author: Jerome Hudson text: Comedy Central is set to debut a new weekly late night series, The President Show, that will see comedian Anthony Atamanuik play a parody President Donald Trump who will address the American people straight from the Oval Office. [The new show, created by Atamanuik, will premier on Thursday, April 27 and will reportedly run weekly if it becomes a ratings success.  “When I was first approached about this show I thought it would be about me, but on further thought, this makes way more sense,” Comedy Central president Kent Alterman said.  Comedy Central released a short video clip on Monday, which offers a glimpse of what audiences can expect from Atamanuik’s parody Trump.   . @LateNightDonald makes a surprising announcement. No, he’s not resigning. #PresidentShowpic. twitter.   —   The President Show (@PresidentShow) April 3, 2017,  “They unzipped my pants. They got on their knees, it was disgusting,” Atamanuik says, surrounded by a gaggle of reporters on Air Force One. “And I would get incredible ratings, some of the best ratings, huge ratings. Great ratings, ok? And they’d say, You want to be on the same channel as Noah Trevor, or whatever the guy’s name is. Who cares? Whatever. I said just invite me on and be nice. ” “I’ll have the best guests, the most beautiful women. It will be so funny, the most funny show,” he says. Atamanuik has made something of a career out of lampooning the president. The 30 Rock alum has performed his Trump impersonation on The View, CNN’s Newsroom, and on a   Trump vs. Bernie debate comedy tour that aired on Fusion. “Laughing at the President is a proud American tradition and we hope not to disappoint anyone in that department,” Atamanuik said in a statement. “But our political system is too broken for us to be content joking about one man, even though he is a disastrous silly little toddler boy. Mostly I’d just like to thank Comedy Central for giving us this platform to speak truth to power and if we’re lucky, end up in prison!”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"title: Migrant Crime and Violence Soars in German States - Breitbart author: Virginia Hale text: Authorities in two German states have expressed concern over official figures showing a huge rise in migrant crime, with the number of violent attacks having almost doubled in 2016. [“Refugees really entered onto the crime scene last year,” said   State Criminal Police Office (LKA) president Ralf Michelfelder.  “We are very worried about the rise in violence by asylum seekers,” the police official added. The comments come following the release of figures which reveal a 95. 5 per cent spike in the number of physical attacks carried out by asylum seekers and migrants. Around 60 per cent of the assaults take place in asylum accommodation but the other 40 per cent are carried out among the general public. This group of migrants are also heavily represented among people caught for theft and drug offences, according to this year’s statistics. But “they can now be found as suspects of crimes in almost every field” according to the police official. Of a total of 251, 000 criminal suspects across the state in 2016, 107, 417 were foreign, with 25, 379 of these being asylum seekers and refugees. Syria was the most frequently seen country of origin in the latter category, followed by Gambia, and then Afghanistan. In Bavaria, the number of crimes committed by immigrants rose 57. 8 per cent from the previous year, a development which the state’s Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann described as “worrying”. “The increase in crime in Bavaria in 2016 is mainly due to foreign suspects, especially immigrants,” the minister said. There had been a 3. 3 per cent overall rise in the number of crimes statewide (the figure adjusted to remove offences like illegal immigration). The number of homicides in Bavaria increased by 15 per cent in 2016, while violent crimes carried out by asylum seekers rose by 93 per cent to 3, 495 cases. Of thefts which occurred across the German state, 42. 8 per cent of suspects were of foreign origin  —   an almost 1 per cent rise from the previous year. Earlier this year, the Berlin Senate launched a formal inquiry to find out why migrants are overrepresented in the city’s police crime reports compared to Germans. According to Germany’s Federal Police, the influx of newcomers from the third world since Europe’s migrant crisis directly led to an increase in crime within their jurisdiction.  "
"title: Inquiry Into Fatal Amtrak Crash Reveals Error in Communication - The New York Times author: Niraj Chokshi text: A mishandled handoff between foremen may have played a role in an Amtrak crash last April in which two workers were killed when a train slammed into construction equipment that was on the tracks near Chester, Pa. according to documents released on Thursday. The documents, part of a continuing investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board, also revealed the train’s operator tested positive for marijuana, and show a supervisor’s distress upon hearing that the track had been cleared for use. “Oh my gosh you’ve got to be kidding me,” John Yaeger, an Amtrak day shift foreman whose shift had just begun, told a dispatcher, according to a transcript of radio communications from that morning. “Oh man. The backhoe got plowed. I can’t believe it. ” The documents released on Thursday do not draw conclusions about what caused the crash, though possible factors are cited. The crash occurred around 7:50 a. m. on April 3, when the train struck a backhoe that was being used during a multiday maintenance operation on a neighboring track, according to the documents. During an interview with investigators, Mr. Yaeger suggested there had been confusion in the handoff from a night foreman about whether the track had been cleared for traffic. The backhoe operator, Joseph Carter Jr. 61, and his supervisor, Peter Adamovich, 59, died.   people were taken to hospitals. The preliminary N. T. S. B. documents consist of hundreds of pages of interviews, transcripts and reports, and include the revelation that the train’s operator, Alexander Hunter, tested positive for marijuana that day. Efforts to reach Mr. Hunter on Thursday evening were not immediately successful. The train was traveling south at 106 miles per hour  —   within the authorized limit of 110 m. p. h.  —   when Mr. Hunter applied the emergency brakes after “seeing something” on Main Track 3, according to the documents. He was able to slow the train to only 88 m. p. h. before striking the backhoe. “The collision obliterated the backhoe, sending pieces of the equipment throughout the area and into the west side of the first passenger coach,” according to an analysis report. Amtrak estimated the damage at $2. 5 million."
"title: Montana Democrats Vote Against Bill Banning Sharia Law, Call It ’Repugnant’ - Breitbart author: Ben Kew text: Democrats in Montana have opposed a bill banning the use of foreign law in its state courts on the grounds that such legislation would target Muslims. [Senate Bill 97, introduced by Keith Regier ( ) bans the application of foreign law in Montana’s courts, with the debate particularly focused on Sharia Law, a form of Islamic law typically used in the Middle East.  Although the bill passed on party lines by   Democrats claimed it was designed to target Muslim communities. “I think it sends a dangerous message to minority groups both here living in our state and wanting to come visit our state, just merely on the fact that you may be different,” said Rep. Shane Morigeau,   while debating the bill. “I truly believe this law is repugnant. I believe this is not who we are as Montanans. ” Meanwhile, Rep. Ellie Hill Smith ( ) proposed a failed amendment to the bill to include a ban on both Sharia Law and the Law of Moses, in order to “show the state of Montana that it is not just about Islamic Law. ” “The courts have said that laws that single out certain religions violate the First Amendment,” Smith said, claiming that it was “peppered with   bigotry. ” Another Democrat, Rep. Laurie Bishop ( ) urged legislators “not to forget the roots of this bill,” adding that “our children are watching. ” Meanwhile, Rep. Brad Tschida ( ) said the bill was an attempt to push back against a “constitution [that] is constantly under assault. ” Bills specifically targeting Sharia Law have passed in states such as North Carolina, Alabama, Arizona, Kansas, Louisiana, South Dakota, and Tennessee. The bill will now be passed on to Gov. Steve Bullock (D) for signature or veto. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com"
"title: Affordable Care Act Sign-Ups Dip Amid Uncertainty and Trump Attacks - The New York Times author: Robert Pear text: WASHINGTON  —   The number of people who signed up for health insurance in the federal marketplace that serves most states dipped this year to 9. 2 million, the Trump administration said Friday, as consumers struggled with confusion over the future of the Affordable Care Act. That represents a decline of more than 4 percent from the total of 9. 63 million people who signed up through HealthCare. gov at this time last year. The numbers do not include activity in the 11 states that run their own online marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature health care law. State reports suggest that they have signed up about three million people. Veterans of the Obama administration said President Trump’s opposition to the health law and his efforts to undermine it had taken a toll. People may also have been influenced by signals from Congress that the law would soon be repealed. And some consumers may have been put off by the termination of their health plans, which was caused by an exodus of major insurers from the market in many states. Just before leaving office, the Obama administration reported that   through HealthCare. gov were running slightly ahead of the number at the same time last year, with 8. 8 million as of Jan. 14. “Trump’s sabotage worked,” said Ben Wakana, who was a spokesman for Sylvia Mathews Burwell, the secretary of health and human services under Mr. Obama. “We were on track to exceed last year’s total. We expected a million people to sign up on the federal exchange in the final week of the open enrollment period. ” Still, the numbers present a challenge to Republicans who are struggling to repeal the law that allowed those millions to purchase insurance plans  —   and who have promised not to displace anyone covered by it. The fourth annual open enrollment season began Nov. 1 and ended Tuesday, 11 days after Mr. Trump took office. The Trump administration scaled back publicity and advertising in the final days of the open enrollment period. Mr. Trump also issued a broadly worded executive order that directed federal officials to waive or delay any provision of the Affordable Care Act that would impose “a cost, fee, tax, penalty or regulatory burden on individuals. ” The order, issued within hours of Mr. Trump’s inauguration on Jan. 20, did not specify what actions would be taken. But lawyers and health policy experts read it as an indication that the government might not enforce the federal requirement for people to have health insurance or pay a tax penalty. Mr. Trump has described the Affordable Care Act as “a complete and total disaster” and has said he wants to replace it with better, cheaper coverage “for everybody,” but he has not offered a plan to achieve that goal. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah and chairman of the Finance Committee, who is trying to draft a replacement for the law, said that “today’s numbers failed to keep pace with last year’s. ” In addition, he suggested, some people who signed up will not pay their premiums and will therefore not have coverage this year. “Either way,” Mr. Hatch said, “enrollment numbers are down, and costs are up. ” That response was predicted by Representative Nancy Pelosi of California, the House minority leader and an architect of the law. “Now, Republicans will cynically point to the dip in enrollment they caused, declare the Affordable Care Act broken and move to steal the affordable health coverage of every American,” she said. “Meanwhile, in states committed to delivering affordable health coverage to their residents, enrollment in the Affordable Care Act’s marketplaces has surged. ” “Democrats will continue to stand our ground to ensure that every American has access to affordable health coverage,” she added. Enrollment reports from the Obama administration were invariably upbeat, saying the numbers showed that people needed and wanted insurance under the Affordable Care Act. The first report from the Trump administration struck a different tone. “Obamacare has failed the American people, with one broken promise after another,” Matt Lloyd, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, said Friday. “Premiums in the A. C. A. marketplace have increased 25 percent while the number of insurers has declined 28 percent over the past year. ” Of the 9. 2 million people who signed up through HealthCare. gov,   were new to the federal marketplace, and   were returning customers. The individual insurance market is in constant flux. With changes in income and employment, consumers may gain or lose coverage from Medicaid, employers and other sources of insurance. The Obama administration predicted in October that 13. 8 million people would sign up for coverage in the enrollment period that ended this week. The total appears likely to fall short of that goal. Leslie Dach, a former Obama administration official who is trying to preserve the health law as a leader of the Protect Our Care Coalition, said, “Enrollment was a success, and it would have been even higher without the Trump administration’s efforts to suppress enrollment. ” Despite those efforts, he said, “Americans continued to enroll in the final weeks, proving that there is considerable demand for quality and affordable coverage. ” Several states that run their own insurance exchanges appear to have done better than the federal marketplace. In New York, 908, 200 people signed up through the state marketplace for either a qualified health plan or the “basic health program” authorized by the Affordable Care Act for   people. That represents an increase of 39 percent. Under the Obama administration, enrollment in marketplace insurance plans was consistently lower than the levels originally projected by the Congressional Budget Office, in part because consumers were more likely to get and keep   insurance."
"title: Loretta Lynch: Federal Government Must ’Hold Police Accountable’ author: Katherine Rodriguez text: Outgoing Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the federal government has a mandate to hold police officers accountable for their actions. [“You’ve got to hold police accountable, you’ve got to help them hold themselves accountable, and you’ve got to build in community accountability,” she told the Associated Press in an interview published Saturday.  Lynch also said that relationships between the Justice Department and local law enforcement had improved. Her comments come a day after the Justice Department released a scathing report on the Chicago Police Department’s civil rights violations, the Hill reported. Lynch, who was sworn in as attorney general in April 2015, took charge during a period where there was much criticism about police practices in black communities, and she made it a department priority to go after civil rights violations. Sen. Jeff Sessions,   Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general, plans to change the focus of the Justice Department to highlight issues such as national security and immigration. Lynch’s tenure as attorney general has been marked by massacres by violent extremists, hacking attempts from overseas, and an election season investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server. Lynch also drew criticism for an unplanned meeting with Bill Clinton on an airport tarmac in Phoenix. Lynch said she wished she had never met Bill Clinton on the tarmac, Breitbart reported."
"title: Officer’s Murder Trial in Freddie Gray Death Turns on ‘Rough Ride’ - The New York Times author: Jess Bidgood text: BALTIMORE  —   In opening the state’s case against Caesar R. Goodson Jr. the driver of the police van in which Freddie Gray suffered the spinal cord injury that killed him, the prosecutor uttered two crucial words: “Rough ride. ” Officer Goodson, the prosecutor said, intended to “bounce” Mr. Gray, a black man, around in the van that morning. Officer Goodson, who is also black, is facing the toughest charge  —     “depraved heart” murder  —   of the six officers accused in Mr. Gray’s death. And legal experts say the prosecution’s chances of a conviction on that count hinge in large part on being able to prove that Officer Goodson intentionally, and with disregard for Mr. Gray’s life, drove him dangerously. The defense rested its case Friday, and closing arguments are set for Monday. But just before the state rested its case earlier this week, a crucial prosecution witness said he could not say whether a rough ride had occurred  —   another indication of just how difficult the prosecution’s case may be. It has different names around the country, including “screen test” and “nickel ride. ” Since it is a colloquial term, not a legal one, the precise definition can vary. But, legal and policing experts say, there is an element of intent. “A rough ride is basically the police driving in such a manner to inflict injury or pain on the person being transported,” said A. Dwight Pettit, a lawyer in Baltimore, who has represented dozens of plaintiffs in police brutality cases, “because they have knowledge that the person is not secure in the vehicle and is usually handcuffed or possibly leg chained and therefore has no way to protect themselves. ” Geoffrey P. Alpert, a criminology professor at the University of South Carolina, said the tactic was known anecdotally as a form of punishment for unruly prisoners. “Normally,” he said, “it’s just kind of, they end up with a few bruises or, worst case, it’s a broken arm. ” On Wednesday, Stanford Franklin, a retired Baltimore police officer who was the prosecution’s key policing witness, listed some possible elements of a rough ride during  : “Sudden acceleration, sudden stops, quick turns. ” It is difficult to assess the frequency of the practice, but cities including Chicago, Philadelphia and Aurora, Ill. have settled lawsuits  related to accusations of rough rides. In Baltimore, Tessa   president of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. and Mr. Pettit said they had both received complaints about rough rides, although they were not always substantiated in court. Those complaints have dropped off somewhat since Mr. Gray’s story took over the headlines, increasing scrutiny of the police and raising calls for working cameras inside police wagons. Charles J. Key, a retired Baltimore police lieutenant, said that he “never saw a single instance” of a rough ride in 26 years of his career there, beginning in 1970. But in 1997, a black man named Jeffery Alston was paralyzed during a ride in a Baltimore police van. In 2004, he received a $6 million settlement from the city. In 2005, another black man, Dondi Johnson Sr. died after suffering a spinal fracture during a police ride. A jury awarded his family more than $7 million, but the award was later reduced to $219, 000. Mr. Key testified as an expert witness in both cases. Officer Goodson faces seven charges, including   “depraved heart” murder  —   meaning murder born of willful disregard for human life  —   and three counts of manslaughter. Prosecutors allege that Officer Goodson failed to buckle Mr. Gray’s seatbelt or call for medical attention, which they say could have saved his life to them, those omissions were tantamount to a crime. And they allege Officer Goodson rolled through a stop sign and took a sharp right turn so fast that the van could not stay in its lane. “He was injured because he got a rough ride,” Michael Schatzow, a prosecutor, said during opening statements, adding, “There was no good reason for the officer to repeatedly fail to seatbelt Mr. Gray except to bounce him around. ” Legal experts said it could be difficult for the prosecution to secure a murder conviction against Officer Goodson without proving that a rough ride had occurred. “The rough ride is important,” said David Jaros, an associate professor of law at the University of Baltimore, “because it tells us something about the driver’s mental state and his willingness to risk human life. ” The state has presented evidence of Mr. Gray’s devastating injuries. And with a detective, Michael Boyd, on the stand, prosecutors presented a series of surveillance videos showing the van making its way through Baltimore. But on Tuesday, during   Matthew Fraling, one of Officer Goodson’s lawyers, asked Detective Boyd if he had observed the van at any point “make an abrupt start, an abrupt stop, or an abrupt turn. ” “No, sir,” Detective Boyd answered. On Wednesday, Mr. Franklin, the prosecution witness, testified that leg shackles made it hard for passengers to brace themselves in a van, and that, without a seatbelt, “your ability to limit yourself from being a projectile in that van is very limited. ” “It’s extremely important,” Mr. Franklin added, “that that ride be as smooth as possible to prevent the person in the back from being tossed to and fro. ” Mr. Gray’s legs were shackled during most of the ride and he was not wearing a seatbelt, but prosecutors did not draw direct connections between those facts and Mr. Franklin’s testimony  —   a point that Officer Goodson’s lawyers sought to emphasize. “Is it not your contention today that Officer Goodson in any way engaged in a rough ride?” Mr. Fraling said. Mr. Franklin paused. “I can’t say. ” On Wednesday, Officer Goodson’s lawyers moved to have the charges dismissed. While it is a common move by defendants, the lawyers focused on the rough ride during their oral arguments on Thursday. “There was no evidence introduced by the state to support a theory that Officer Goodson gave Mr. Gray a rough ride,” said Andrew Graham, another lawyer for the officer, calling it a “centerpiece” of the state’s argument. When the judge, Barry G. Williams, asked Mr. Schatzow to elaborate on how the prosecution had supported its case, including the murder charge, the prosecutor turned not to the rough ride, but to what they said was Officer Goodson’s failure to buckle Mr. Gray’s seatbelt on five different occasions, suggesting a possible pivot in the state’s strategy. “Five times is enough to demonstrate depraved heart,” Mr. Schatzow said. Later, Judge Williams asked Mr. Schatzow if the state was acknowledging that it had not presented evidence of a rough ride. “The No. 1 piece of evidence is the fact that the man suffered a broken neck, and it killed him,” said Mr. Schatzow, adding that that injury, combined with the “limited” video evidence and that Mr. Gray was shackled, handcuffed and not wearing a seatbelt, made it possible to infer that a rough ride had occurred. But, he added, a rough ride was not a necessary element of the charges. “There are lots of ways to cause people to move about the compartment” in the van, he said. Judge Williams allowed the case to continue with all the charges intact, but said it was a “closer call” to let the murder charge move forward. Mr. Jaros, the law professor, said that the rough ride theory had “flatlined,” but “that doesn’t mean that they don’t have a case at least for manslaughter based on his failure to buckle and then his refusal to get medical attention. ” “There’s no question,’’ Mr. Jaros said, that “you’ve got really a horrific level of callousness to the experience of the people who are being shuttled through the system. ” “The problem is, that doesn’t necessarily satisfy a criminal charge. ”"
"title: Welsh Reject E.U., but Its Money Will Be Missed - The New York Times author: Danny Hakim text: NEWPORT, Wales  —   David Adams   a painting business here. His leanings in the recent referendum to leave the European Union would seem obvious. Grants from the European Union have funded many of the projects he works on, including the former bank branch he was painting last week in this city in southern Wales. European Union funds also helped him hire apprentices, including his own son. And Wales gets back far more money from the European Union than it pays in. But many of the poorer places in Britain that receive the most aid from Europe also voted decisively to leave. Promises were made by the leaders of the   Leave campaign that exiting the European Union would lead to a bonanza of money no longer being sent to Brussels, the seat of the European government. After the vote, they almost immediately retreated from those promises, leaving the future of aid programs funded by Europe in peril. Even some in Newport who knew what they stood to lose were conflicted over the vote. “We get more back than we put in,” said Mr. Adams, 52, leaning against his van in spattered white work pants. “What the money has done is made the infrastructure of Wales much better, everywhere’s much more accessible because of the road infrastructure, things like that. That’s where all the E. U. money’s gone. ” Even so, he said he could not bring himself to support staying in the union and chose not to vote, because the issue of immigration held him back. “At the end of the day, we’re an island,” he explained. “We can take only so much population. ” One of the looming questions after the “Brexit” vote is what happens to the money flowing into places like Wales. Nearly $400 million in multiyear apprenticeship funding programs alone are underway, among a   list of European projects earmarked for Wales stretching to 2020. Another program, with a budget of more than $180 million, helps start new small businesses and finance existing ones. Others fund a range of programs including advancing women’s opportunities and projects on college campuses. Even so, 56 percent of voters in Newport voted to leave. One of the Leave movement’s core arguments was that Britain could keep money it now pays to Europe and use it for its own purposes. Boris Johnson, the former London mayor who was one of the campaign’s most visible leaders, even rode around on a bus with the false claim that Britain pays Europe £350 million a week painted on its side. (It’s more like £150 million, or about $197 million, a week, according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies.) The maneuver led the comedian John Oliver to refer to Mr. Johnson as “a man with both the look, and the economic insight, of   from the Flintstones. ” Britain as a whole paid about $9. 5 billion more annually into the European Union than it got back over the last   according to the British treasury. After it leaves, it most likely will still have to pay money into the union to keep its trading privileges. And the aid coming back will cease. Many in the British Parliament insist on keeping some kind of access to the   single market, the European system of rules and laws that seek to make trading among member states more seamless. But some vying to be the next prime minister have suggested Britain could operate outside the single market, though that could throw up myriad barriers to trade. But keeping access as an outsider costs money, as it does for nonmember states like Norway and Switzerland. Norway pays about 40 percent more per capita to gain access to the single market than Britain does now, according to data from the European Commission. A study by the House of Commons Library, which excluded European aid to private institutions like universities and businesses, found that Norway paid 17 percent less than Britain. Either way, Britain is unlikely to get more favorable terms than it already has. Part of the problem is that Norway and Switzerland are part of the Schengen Area, a   travel zone. This kind of unfettered movement is exactly what many Leave voters detest. European leaders, hardly in a charitable mood, seem unlikely to do favors. “There will be no single market à la carte,” Donald Tusk, the European Council president, said this week, while   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said that access to the single market was contingent on basic principles including the free movement of people. Many areas in Britain favored with European aid are mired in poverty and voted in frustration. In Sunderland, a northeastern English city of once vibrant shipyards that has benefited from European aid, more than 61 percent backed the Leave campaign. The vote, though, has left the future of a local Nissan plant in doubt. Cornwall, Britain’s southwestern tip, also receives significant European funding, including money seen as crucial to the development of a British spaceport. Shortly after Cornwall voted to leave the union, the local council sought assurances that the funding that now comes from Europe would continue, although Britain would be hard pressed to make up the loss. Wales is one of the four nations that make up Britain, but the only one besides England to support a European exit. To outsiders, differences between Wales and England can seem subtle, beyond the Welsh language that accompanies English on its signs and its red dragon flag. Wales has lagged economically. Newport’s economic struggles were visible downtown, part of the reason it has been a recipient of so much aid. One pub advertised “all pints” for £1. 99, or about $2. 70, and there were a number of vacant storefronts, as well as a proliferation of charity stores, including one selling everything for £1. A curtain store asked   to sign a petition to help fight an eviction notice. During a visit, it did not take long to determine the Leave campaign’s appeal for a number of residents. “I’m definitely not a racist,” said Thomas Reynolds, an    retired construction worker. But he said he was “delighted” by the outcome. “Muslims don’t like Christians. I don’t want Muslims next to me, I prefer Christian. But they probably would think the same, so we’re on the same page. ” Tom Fereday, 28, an unemployed office administrator and a supporter of the far right U. K. Independence Party, said he was uncomfortable with the growing Muslim population in the city’s Pillgwenlly neighborhood. “I’m happy to go through hard times if it means we get our national sovereignty back,” he said, adding, “To keep letting in thousands of   Muslim migrants is just complete insanity. ” The disquieting racism the referendum has inflamed was tangible when a small group of young white men were heard briefly hooting monkey sounds as they walked past a black man on a downtown street. But this was hardly a reflection of the whole city. “I’m disgusted that we voted out,” said Hilary Small, a    retired medical secretary. Many voters, she said, simply were uninformed about the money the European Union sends to the region. “A lot of the Welsh people didn’t realize that,” she said. Dean Jeffery Beddis, 51, the heavily tattooed owner of Kriminal Records, a shop in a downtown arcade, said, “I don’t think people knew the consequences of their vote, to be honest. ” “It’s a mixture of things, ignorance, lack of education, fear and just not knowing,” he said, denouncing the “fear mongering” of The Sun, a   tabloid, before turning his fire to Boris Johnson and then Donald J. Trump. A rug with President John F. Kennedy’s image hung behind him. Russell Thomas, Mr. Adams’s partner in the painting business, did vote to stay in the union. “A lot of the subsidies now we think will be stopped,” he said. “It’s a devastating blow I think, but there we are. ”"
"title: GABRIEL: Terror: The Consequence of Apathy - Breitbart author: Brigitte Gabriel text: Equally infuriating to a radical Islamist killing innocent children at a pop concert in Manchester, is the very likely possibility that it will not be the last time. [We’ve seen this tragic routine before: a radical Islamist wages violent Jihad against the Western world and, after a few days of cliché sloganeering and useless hashtags, all is forgotten.  Well, for the parents and loved ones of those who were killed, all is not forgotten. They will live forever with a hole in their hearts that can never be filled. These are the consequences of open borders, and the willingness of a society to bury its head in the sand while attempting to shame and silence anyone who dares speak the truth. The truth is this: when you flood your country with millions of   migrants from the Islamic world, you shouldn’t be “shocked” when your society acquires the same problems as the Islamic world. One plus one equals two. We can have borders, or we can have terror. No, there is no third option. This is the real world, not a sociology lecture, or CNN. You cannot force Islamists to assimilate because Islamists do not value the same things we do in the West. While most in the West view an Ariana Grande concert as an opportunity for young girls to have a fun night of singing and dancing with their friends, many in the Islamic world views it as a shameful display of dirty infidels, who deserve death for their indulgence. Manchester bomber Salman Abedi’s parents were Libyan “refugees. ” He was given refuge and even tax dollars of the very parents whose daughters he killed. Jihadists are not impressed by Katy Perry’s almost instantaneous call for “no borders” and “ ” in response to the Manchester massacre. They are emboldened by it. She, and every other pompously ignorant celebrity like her, are worse than useless. They are useful for our enemies. This pacifistic, “let’s all hold hands” reaction to the death of innocent children perfectly encapsulates why the West remains a giant sitting duck for radical Islamists. Imagine the disbelief our enemies must be feeling about how easy it is to wage war on a society that seeks to fight them with tolerance. Even after one of their caliphate soldiers bombs a teenage pop concert, one of the most popular singers on the planet welcomes more Islamists to our shores with open arms. But we shouldn’t make Katy Perry feel like the lone wolf in her suicidal delusions. After all, we’re only 6 months removed from a kumbaya President that fought ISIS with a live serenade of “You’ve Got a Friend” by James Taylor. While I, like most Americans, fear another deadly Islamic terror attack, the mainstream media’s biggest concern is  —   that’s right, you guessed it  —   “Islamophobia. ” Martha Raddatz, who gained notoriety for her appallingly biased Presidential debate moderation, lamented to George Stephanopoulos on ABC’s Good Morning America, “This is likely to fuel   backlash across Britain, across Europe. ” Don’t worry Martha, chances are there will still be plenty of niqabs worn in Manchester long after the carnage of young children is removed from the concert venue, and we have open border propagandists to thank for that. Unfortunately, for those who actually want to protect ourselves and our children from Jihadists, nitwitted celebrities and media pundits aren’t the only problem.   groups like the SPLC and ACLU have volunteered themselves to be useful idiots for radical Islamic outfits like CAIR, a notorious Muslim Brotherhood front group that has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates and named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted   in a   operation. Their strategy? To smear, intimidate, bully, and ultimately silence anyone who gets in the way of their   agenda. They are counting on patriotic Americans to stay silent and seated, while their   agenda marches on. Are we really going to let these open borders fanatics do to America what they’ve done to Europe? Are we really going to allow terrorist attacks to become the norm in America, as they are the in the Islamic world and, increasingly, Europe? Let the goons at the SPLC and the mainstream media call me what they want, I know what I am. I am an American who loves her country, and doesn’t want to see it diminished to the same rubble I laid under when Islamists blew up my home as a little girl. For those who want to do more than just tweet their outrage, who want to make their country, community, and family a safer place to call home, I invite you to join me, and every other   patriot at ACT for America’s National Conference this coming October in Arlington, Virginia. Go to actcon. us for more information about how you can fight back against America’s enemies. Brigitte Gabriel is a terrorism analyst and a   New York Times   author of “Because They Hate” and “They Must Be Stopped”. She is the Founder and Chairman of ACT for America, the nation’s largest grassroots organization devoted to promoting national security and defeating terrorism."
"title: Five Things to Watch for During Trump’s Israel Trip author: Aaron Klein text: JERUSALEM  —   On Monday, President Donald Trump will arrive here in Israel for a     visit that will include meetings with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, as well as visits to Jerusalem’s Western Wall, the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial and the Israel Museum. [Here are five major things to look out for during Trump’s trip:  1  —   Will Trump keep his campaign pledge and move the U. S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Israel’s capital, Jerusalem? U. S. law requires the relocation of the embassy to Jerusalem. However, President Obama signed successive waivers delaying the move. The current waiver expires on June 1. Numerous reports in recent days cited White House officials saying that Trump is not expected to use the visit to announce an embassy move. Still, that prognosis is subject to change. “The president has not made a decision yet and is still reviewing that,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said last week. Even if Trump does not announce an embassy move, there are half measures that could be put into place, including the possibility of David Friedman, the U. S. ambassador to Israel, setting up shop at the U. S. consulate in Jerusalem instead of the beachfront embassy building in Tel Aviv. 2  —   Will Trump make policy declarations regarding the status of Jerusalem? It is not lost on observers that Trump will be in Jerusalem on Jerusalem Day, a national holiday here that marks Israel’s reunification of Jerusalem after the 1967 Six Day War and the establishment of Israeli sovereignty over the eastern sections of the city, which include the Old City, Western Wall and Temple Mount. Israel officially annexed Jerusalem in 1980 in a move not recognized by the international community because the Palestinians claim eastern sections of the city for a future Palestinian capital despite their never having had a state or entity in those areas. Current U. S. law does not officially recognize Israeli control over the eastern sections of the city, going so far as to prevent American citizens born in Jerusalem from listing “Israel” as their country of birth. All eyes will be on Trump to see if he makes any declarations regarding Israel’s status in Jerusalem. 3  —   Will Trump announce the launch of new, U. S.    negotiations? There are currently no plans for Trump to host a joint summit with Israeli and Palestinian leaders. Instead, the focus will be on whether Trump plans to announce the relaunch of   talks aimed at creating a Palestinian state despite the Palestinian Authority’s history of rejecting each previous Israeli offer of a state and in recent years refusing to even come to the bargaining table. These offers were made at Camp David in 2000, Taba in 2001, the Annapolis Conference in 2007 and again in 2008. In each of these cases, the PA refused generous Israeli statehood proposals and bolted negotiations without counteroffers. The PA also failed to respond to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s unprecedented attempts to   negotiations aimed at creating a Palestinian state, including freezing Jewish construction in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem, and releasing Palestinian prisoners. U. S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman said last week that the Trump administration does not plan to impose preconditions for talks and wants the two parties to iron things out. “As you can see, in contrast to what happened in 2009, when secretary [of state Hillary] Clinton demanded a complete settlement freeze and Abbas still didn’t show up to negotiate, here we have no demand for a settlement freeze and Abbas is prepared to meet with the prime minister of Israel without any preconditions,” he stated. There have been reports Trump is seeking to   talks for a period of six to twelve months without preconditions. 4  —   Will Trump express support for a plan beyond the     solution? Ever since the 1991 Madrid Conference and the largely failed 1993 Oslo Accords that legitimized   Yasser Arafat as a peace partner, the U. S. and international community have upheld the “two state solution” as the only framework for   negotiations. That “solution” calls for the creation of a Palestinian state with borders to be negotiated, but it is generally understood that such a state would encompass the Gaza Strip, major swaths of the West Bank and a foothold in eastern Jerusalem. Israeli frustration has grown after the PA turned down successive offers of a state and Abbas’s official government organs have continued to promote terrorism and the destruction of Israel. There has been widespread talk here about other ways to solve the   conflict, although the Israeli government has not officially proposed an alternative to the “  solution. ” Bucking the trends of the international community, Trump last February stated that the U. S. is open to possibilities outside the   framework. “I’m looking at   and   and I like the one that both parties like. I’m very happy with the one that both parties like,” Trump said at a White House press briefing with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. 5  —   Will Trump call on Sunni Arab countries to prod the Palestinians into talks and make a deal that would create peaceful relations between Israel and the countries of the larger Mideast and Persian Gulf? The tectonic plates have shifted in this region following eight years of the Obama administration’s failed Mideast policies, especially the U. S.  nuclear deal with Iran. Sunni Arab countries like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates have reportedly been working behind the scenes with Israel to tackle the Iran threat, and relations between Israel and Sunni Arab countries have grown warmer as a result. Last week, the Washington Post reported Trump may use his trip to Saudi Arabia to unveil plans for a new “Arab NATO”  —   a military alliance that would work to combat the threat of the Islamic State and other terrorist groups. Trump could take advantage of these regional trends to nudge Sunni Arab countries not currently in a state of peace with Israel (only Egypt and Jordan have signed peace deals with the Jewish state) to come out of the closet and launch official diplomatic relations with Israel instead of behind the scenes diplomacy. Trump could also include these Arab countries in   talks in hopes of forging a larger regional deal that goes beyond the   conflict. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook."
"title: Decades After ‘Boom-Boom Room’ Suit, Bias Persists for Women - The New York Times author: Susan Antilla text:   years after a   at Smith Barney sexually assaulted her at work, Lisa Mays says she still trembles when she tells the story. It was early one morning at the Walnut Creek, Calif. branch when a   broker, the only other person in the building, followed Ms. Mays into her office and backed her into a corner. “Before I knew it, he was lifting my skirt to get into my tights and I was begging him to stop,” she recalled in an interview. The assault was cut short when another employee arrived. “And then, he just walked away like nothing happened,” Ms. Mays said of her attacker. Ms. Mays, who worked as a wire operator, entering trade orders into the system for brokers, was one of 23 women who sued Smith Barney for sexual harassment and pay discrimination in an explosive   lawsuit filed 20 years ago this month. It became known as the “  room” suit, named after a basement party room at Smith Barney’s branch office in Garden City, N. Y. Nearly 2, 000 women joined the case, exposing the sordid antics of Wall Street’s   culture. Smith Barney paid $150 million in arbitration awards and settlements in the case, and it and other Wall Street firms rushed to set up   training, employee hotlines and programs to recruit women. Twenty years later, permanent change is less obvious. “You may no longer have strippers coming for afternoon entertainment, but that doesn’t mean you are treated as an equal,” said Anne C. Vladeck of the New York employment law firm Vladeck, Raskin  Clark. “It’s not quite as blatant as what went on in the   room, but it’s still there in a way that makes it very hard for women to succeed. Companies on Wall Street are just not changing. ” Complaints persist about pay and promotion disparities and a lack of women in senior management roles, and frustrations are growing about the limited ability of individuals to seek damages in court. Brokerage firms today say they deal swiftly with harassers and have developed programs to mentor and showcase   women. Branch managers at Morgan Stanley, which operated a brokerage joint venture with Smith Barney until acquiring it in 2013, can earn up to an additional $150, 000 a year by recruiting and developing diverse advisers, a spokesman said. Last year, nearly 50 percent of financial adviser trainees hired were female or members of minority groups, he added. He declined to say what percentage of the firm’s current brokers are women. Women are slowly joining the senior ranks of Wall Street firms. Last year, women at Deutsche Bank represented 20. 5 percent of the firm’s directors and managing directors, up from 17. 1 percent in 2011, according to its 2015 human resources report. Goldman Sachs’s latest class of managing directors was 25 percent female, the highest proportion since that title was created in the  . The least progress has been made in pay. Last week, a managing director at Bank of America Merrill Lynch filed a   complaint in federal court in New York, noting that her 2015 bonus was $1. 55 million while her male counterpart’s was $5. 5 million. The bank has a “bros club” culture, the complaint says. A bank spokesman said, “We take all allegations of inappropriate behavior seriously and investigate them thoroughly. ” Last year, women filled 31 percent of jobs in the “securities, commodities and financial services sales agents” group tracked by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, but they earned only 52 cents for every dollar that men made, according to a study released last month by the Institute for Women’s Policy Research in Washington. Among 119 job categories analyzed in the study, that group had the largest gender pay gap. By comparison, women on average make 79 cents for every dollar men make. “It’s unbelievable,” said Ariane Hegewisch, a program director at the institute and   of the study. “I get calls from women who have come across our work and they say, ‘What do I do? ’” Ms. Hegewisch said that today’s female brokers repeatedly complain that men are circumventing reforms. The 1996 suit against Smith Barney, as well as one in 1997 against Merrill Lynch, drew attention to the widespread practice of branch managers’ excluding of women when it was time to assign the accounts of departing brokers. Morgan Stanley’s spokesman said the company today uses a formulaic,   process for distributing accounts. Ms. Hegewisch said, however, that senior male brokers at some firms were “forming teams of young white guys to work with old white guys, which means the accounts stay on the team and don’t get distributed” when older brokers retire. In the   room era, some women complained that they couldn’t become brokers at all. Roberta Thomann, a former sales assistant and one of the three women in the Smith Barney Garden City office who initiated the lawsuit, said in an interview that her bosses stopped her from studying for the exam to become a broker. “They gave my books to a male sales assistant so that he could study,” Ms. Thomann said. “I never even got a chance. ” Linda D. Friedman, one of the lawyers who represented Ms. Thomann and the others, said that would not happen today. Neither would the “open and celebrated” brand of harassment of that era, she said. Still, big producers can get special treatment. Ms. Mays’s attacker, for example, worked at Smith Barney, and then Morgan Stanley, for another 24 years after the episode at her office, despite her having reported it to his supervisor. Julie   a former compliance supervisor at Deutsche Bank Securities, said in a 2010 lawsuit that a   was promoted to managing director “despite having such a poor record on sexual harassment that DB will not permit him to have a female administrative assistant. ” In court papers, Deutsche Bank denied the allegation. In an email statement, a Deutsche Bank spokeswoman said it promptly investigates allegations of gender discrimination and takes disciplinary action where appropriate. Some of the behavior depicted in cases rivals the indignities of the   room, the Smith Barney party room that the lead plaintiff, Pamela K. Martens, had visited once, only to be grabbed by her branch manager and kissed on the lips. Maria Garcia, a former Barclays Capital sales executive, described a similar incident at a conference in Bogotá, Colombia, in 2011, in her discrimination case, which is still in progress. In her complaint, Ms. Garcia said she was at a business dinner when a male director at Barclays stopped by and kissed her on the lips in front of members of her team. She said that when she told her boss about the episode after returning to New York, he made it clear that he preferred she not report it to human resources. A Barclays spokesman said the firm denies that Ms. Garcia was subjected to unlawful treatment. A manager who left Deutsche Bank in 2010 was described in a deposition as being so intoxicated during an evening out that he “urinated against a wall in front of his employees. ” In a court filing, the bank called the incident “hearsay. ” To Ms. Martens, who was a broker at Smith Barney, the biggest disappointment is that mandatory arbitration persists. She opted out of the settlement over the issue and never received money from the case. The Smith Barney litigants devoted eight of their complaint’s 41 pages to criticisms of the practice of forcing employees to arbitrate civil rights claims. “We felt that the underpinning of this abuse, whether it was physical abuse or sexual abuse or sexual assaults or sexual harassment, was the private justice system that Wall Street had carved out for itself,” Ms. Martens said in an interview. “I wanted to come away with ending mandatory arbitration for the entire industry, but, at a minimum, for civil rights cases. ” She did not get her wish. Ms. Friedman, the lawyer, said that about 90 percent of the Wall Street women she represents do not have the option of going to court today. Typically, they agree to this in a “Dear Prospective Employee” letter that must be signed if they want the job, she said. Increasingly, firms are prohibiting employees from participating in class actions. Morgan Stanley has mandatory arbitration and a   waiver. “You couldn’t bring the   room case today,” Ms. Friedman said. “The biggest problem we face now is that the courthouse doors are closing. ”"
"title: Comey: ‘It Makes Me Mildly Nauseous to Think That We Might Have Had Some Impact on the Election’ - Breitbart author: Pam Key text: FBI Dir. James Comey: ’It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at the Senate Judiciary Committee oversight hearing, FBI Director James Comey said while he would have still announced a new investigation into   presidential nominee Hillary Clinton days before the election, it made him “mildly nauseous” to think that he might have had some impact on the election results.  Comey said, “Look, this is terrible. It makes me mildly nauseous to think that we might have had some impact on the election, but honestly, it wouldn’t change the decision. ” He added,”This has been one of the world’s most painful experiences. I would make the same decision. I would not conceal that on October 28 from the Congress. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"title: McCaskill Misleads with Tweet She Had No Contact with Russian Ambassador - Breitbart author: Penny Starr text: Claire McCaskill ( ) sent out a misleading Tweet on Thursday claiming that she had never, “ever” met or spoken with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak, while previous Tweets showed she met and spoke to the Russian official in 2013 and again in 2015. [“I’ve been on the Armed Services Committee for 10 years. No call or meeting with Russian ambassador. Ever. Ambassadors call members of the Foreign Res Com,” McCaskill tweeted on Thursday.  Almost immediately following her Tweet, McCaskill’s past Tweets contradicted her claim, including two retweeted by National Review Online Editor Charles C. W. Cooke showing a Tweet in 2013 and another in 2015 that said the senator spoke and met with Kislyak. Claire McCaskill says she’s had “no call or meeting   ambassador. Ever. ” But she tweeted about two. It’s easy to forget. pic. twitter.   —   Charles C. W. Cooke (@charlescwcooke) March 2, 2017,  Following Cooke’s Tweet and others picking up the story, McCaskill admitted on Twitter that she and “many senators” had met with the ambassador four years ago to discuss the U. S. halt to adopting Russian children, but then falsely reiterated her original claim: “Again, as a senior member of the Armed See, never received call or request from Russian Ambassador for meeting. Never met    ” McCaskill tweeted. When asked by Breitbart News why she claimed she had never met or spoken with the Russian ambassador when her Tweets showed otherwise, McCaskill’s communication director defended her by saying she had not met “  ” with him. “Attorney General Sessions met    with the Russian ambassador in the midst of a Russian cyber campaign against the U. S. and then misled the Judiciary Committee under oath about that meeting,” John LaBombard told Breitbart News via email. “He then tried to excuse it by saying it was part of the normal course of his Armed Services Committee work. “Claire has never met    with the ambassador, and never received a call from him,” LaBombard said. “She did attend a group meeting about adoptions with other senators, and had a brief proactive call with the ambassador amid calls to several other parties to the Iran nuclear deal. “Attorney General Sessions, on the other hand, misled the Senate under oath,” LaBombard said."
"title: You Can Save on Airfare (If You Know the Tricks) - The New York Times author: Shivani Vora text: The airfare for your family vacation to Orlando, Fla. cost you $500 a person. Your friend snagged tickets there during the same week for nearly half the price. What gives? It may not be pure luck, according to Rick Seaney, the founder of farecompare. com, an airline ticket comparison site. “There are ways to save on airfare, but you have to know the tricks,” he said. Here, he shares his top ones. If you’re traveling within the United States, flying on a Tuesday, Wednesday or Saturday will get you the lowest airfare because there are fewer fliers on these days, Mr. Seaney said. “You can save between 10 and 40 percent per ticket, if not more, compared to a Monday, Friday and Sunday, when air traffic is heavier,” he said. (Thursday falls between the two categories.) If you can’t both depart and return on the cheapest days, you still get half the savings if you pick one for your inbound or outbound flight. For   flights, Monday through Thursday are the cheapest, though the savings are only around 5 percent compared with Friday through Sunday. For domestic travel, buy your ticket three months before your departure date for   travel, buy five months beforehand. Any further in advance has no benefit, according to Mr. Seaney, because airlines have not yet included cheap seats as part of their inventory. But be sure to buy 30 days before departure because prices increase substantially thereafter. The exception to this rule is if you plan to travel over a busy holiday period, especially Thanksgiving and Christmas. Airlines don’t offer discounts during the holidays, so it’s best to buy your ticket as soon as possible. The airline departments that create fare sales usually do so on Monday afternoons. These sales are then distributed to travel sites such as Expedia. com and also posted on the airline’s own site. Competing airlines see these sales the next morning and adjust their fares accordingly, and final sale pricing hits reservations systems at 3 p. m. Eastern Standard Time. “This is when you get the maximum number of cheap seats,” Mr. Seaney said. Most of these sales last only for three days so don’t procrastinate. Reservation systems at airlines and travel sites sell tickets at the same price to all the fliers on one reservation. If you’re buying airfare for your family of four, for example, it does not matter if the airline has three seats for sale in a lower price category and the fourth at a higher one. “All the travelers under the reservation will automatically get the higher price, and you won’t know that there are cheaper tickets available,” Mr. Seaney said. To find out for sure, he advised shopping for one flier at a time to see if there is a price difference compared to buying multiple tickets together. If there is, make separate purchases to get as many   tickets as possible."
"title: A Remote Pacific Nation, Threatened by Rising Seas - The New York Times author: Mike Ives text: TARAWA, Kiribati  —   One clear bright day last winter, a tidal surge swept over an ocean embankment here in the remote,   island country of Kiribati, smashing through the doors and windows of Betio Hospital and spewing sand and debris across its maternity ward. Beero Hosea, 37, a handyman, cut the power and helped carry frightened mothers through the rubble and water to a nearby school. “If the next one is combined with a storm and stronger winds, that’s the end of us,” he said. “It’s going to cover this whole island. ” For years, scientists have been predicting that much of Kiribati may become uninhabitable within decades because of an onslaught of environmental problems linked to climate change. And for just as long, many here have paid little heed. But while scientists are reluctant to attribute any specific weather or tidal event to rising sea levels, the tidal surge last winter, known as a king tide, was a chilling   call. “It shocked us,” said Tean Rube, a pastor with the Kiribati Uniting Church. “We realized, O. K. maybe climate change is real. ” Pacific island nations are among the world’s most physically and economically vulnerable to climate change and extreme weather events like floods, earthquakes and tropical cyclones, the World Bank said in a 2013 report. While world powers have summit meetings to negotiate treaties on how to reduce and mitigate carbon emissions, residents of tiny Kiribati, a former British colony with 110, 000 people, are debating how to respond before it is too late. Much of Kiribati, a collection of 33 coral atolls and reef islands scattered across a swath of the Pacific Ocean about twice the size of Alaska, lies no higher than six feet above sea level. The latest climate models predict that the world’s oceans could rise five to six feet by 2100. The prospects of rising seas and intensifying storms “threaten the very existence and livelihoods of large segments of the population,” the government told the United Nations in a report last year. Half of the   village of Bikenibeu, for instance, could be inundated by 2050 by   rises and storm surges, according to a World Bank study. The study lays out Kiribati’s future in apocalyptic detail. Causeways would be washed away, crippling the economy degraded coral reefs, damaged by warming water, would allow stronger waves to slam the coast, increasing erosion, and would disrupt the food supply, which depends heavily on fish supported by the reefs. Higher temperatures and rainfall changes would increase the prevalence of diseases like dengue fever and ciguatera poisoning. Even before that, scientists and development experts say, rising sea levels are likely to worsen erosion, create groundwater shortages and increase the intrusion of salt water into freshwater supplies. In response, Kiribati (pronounced    in the local language) has essentially been drawing up plans for its demise. The government has promoted “migration with dignity,” urging residents to consider moving abroad with employable skills. It bought nearly 6, 000 acres in Fiji, an island nation more than 1, 000 miles away, as a potential refuge. Fiji’s higher elevation and more stable shoreline make it less vulnerable. Anote Tong, a former president who pushed through the Fiji purchase, said it was also intended as a cry for attention from the world. “The issue of climate change is real, serious, and we’d like to do something about it if they’re going to take their time about it,” he said in a recent interview. But packing up an entire country is not easy, and may not be possible. And many Kiribati residents remain skeptical of the need to prepare for an eventuality that may be decades away. The skeptics include the rural and less educated residents of the outer islands who doubt they could obtain the skills needed to survive overseas, and Christians who put more faith in God’s protection than in climate models. “According to their biblical belief, we’re not going to sink because God is the only person who decides the fate of any country,” said Rikamati Naare, the news editor at Radio Kiribati, the   broadcaster. As President Tong became a   celebrity, invited to speak at conferences around the world, opponents accused him of ignoring problems back home, such as high unemployment and infant mortality. They derided the Fiji purchase, for nearly $7 million, as a boondoggle dismissed his “migration with dignity” as a contradiction in terms and called his talk of rising sea levels alarmist and an affront to divine will. Mr. Tong, having served three terms, was not allowed to run for   this year, but in March elections the opposition defeated his party. The new president, Taneti Maamau, said he planned to shift priorities. “Most of our resources are now diverted to    development, but in fact there are also bigger issues, like population, the health of the people, the education of the people,” he said during an interview at Parliament, which sits on reclaimed land at the edge of a turquoise lagoon. “Climate change is a serious issue, but you can’t do very much about it, especially if a big hurricane comes,” he added with a hearty laugh. The Fiji purchase was not the first effort to address Kiribati’s perilous future. The World   Kiribati Adaptation Program, begun in 2003, developed   plans, built coastal sea walls, planted mangroves and installed   systems. The bank says the project, which cost $17. 7 million, has conserved fresh water in Tarawa and protected about one mile of Kiribati’s 710 miles of coastline. But a 2011   report cast doubt on whether the World Bank project helped Kiribati prepare for climate change. And while the mangroves and water management plans have helped, a 2014 study said the first round of sea walls, made of sandbags, had proved counterproductive and caused more erosion. “Adaptation is just this long, ugly, hard slog,” said the study’s lead author, Simon Donner, a professor of geography at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver. “The idea that an outside organization can just come in with money, expertise and ideas and implement something easily is naïve. What you need is consistent,   funding  —   the type of stuff that’s hard to pull off with development aid. ” Denis   Jordy, a senior environmental specialist at the World Bank, acknowledged that “we had some issues” with the first sea walls but said subsequent ones made of rock were better designed. There is no shortage of ideas to avert Kiribati’s environmental fate. China’s construction of artificial islands in the South China Sea shows the promise of sophisticated   technology, experts say. Mr. Tong commissioned a study on raising Kiribati’s coastline. But such measures are financially unrealistic for a     country like Kiribati. “It’s not about the place going underwater,” Professor Donner said, noting that some of Kiribati’s islands had actually grown in recent years because of land reclamation or natural coastal dynamics. “It’s about it becoming prohibitively expensive to live in. That’s the real challenge for Kiribati. ” The parallel freshwater crisis is also fixable, at a cost. Clean drinking water is already scarce on several islands, and saltwater from high ocean tides has infiltrated some wells. Many residents of South Tarawa, home to half the country’s people, now get their drinking water exclusively from rainwater tanks. Experts worry that as sea levels rise, Kiribati’s fragile groundwater supply will face even greater risks, while the next drought could quickly exhaust the municipal supply and household rainwater tanks. Kiribati could invest in desalinization equipment or ship in drinking water, but this is a country with only one paved road. “It’s all doable,” said Doug Ramsay, the Pacific Rim manager at the National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research in New Zealand. “It’s just going to be a very expensive exercise. ” Another novel response gaining attention lately is the idea of applying international refugee law  —   largely drafted after World War II to protect people fleeing political, religious or racial persecution  —   to those forced from their homes because of climate change. In 2012, a migrant worker from Kiribati, Ioane Teitiota, applied for asylum in New Zealand, arguing that he was unable to grow food or find potable water in Kiribati because of saltwater intrusion. His lawyer, Michael Kidd, said the distinction between environmental and political refugees was arbitrary. “You’re either a refugee or you’re not,” he said in an interview. The courts rejected the argument, and Mr. Teitiota was deported from New Zealand last year. Mr. Kidd said he had appealed to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. Still, migration may become increasingly important. Mr. Tong said he hoped to prepare his people to move with   programs that would meet standards recognized in Australia and New Zealand. “The science of climate change is not 100 percent precise,” he said in the interview. “But we know without any argument that, in time, our people will have to relocate unless there are very, very significant resources committed to maintain the integrity of the land. ” Coastal threats are increasingly clear to residents of Buariki, an oceanside village of   huts and towering coconut palms on the island of North Tarawa. Erosion along the beach has already toppled dozens of coconut trees. The World Bank estimates that 18 to 80 percent of the village, which sits on a peninsula not more than a few hundred feet wide, may be underwater by 2050. Some villagers said they were resigned to leaving. “Our government already has land in Fiji for the Kiribati people, so if there are more high tides here, they’ll bring people to live there,” said Kourabi Ngauea, 29. “But it depends on the government, and if they can support us. ” Others see no need to leave. “This is where I belong,” Aroita Tokamaen, 76, said as she peeled a coconut on her patio. “I would rather stay. ” The tide that damaged the hospital here last winter was an exceptionally strong king tide, a surge that occurs twice a year when the moon is closest to the Earth. The waves also flooded the   outdoor meeting space of the local branch of the Kiribati Uniting Church. While some people were alarmed, the pastor, Ms. Rube, said she refused to accept the idea that Kiribati could disappear. “We are Christians,” she said. “So we don’t believe that God could have given us this world and then take it away. ”"
"title: The Businessman Behind Cool British Fashion Brands - The New York Times author: Lauren Indvik text: When Alexa Chung, the    model, television host, design collaborator and    announced last summer that she would introduce a fashion line this spring, she refused to reveal the name of her backer. In fact, she told news outlets that she had been explicitly instructed not to do so. But in fashion, nothing stays secret for long. The man behind the brand is Peter Dubens, 50, the   and managing partner of Oakley Capital Private Equity, a midmarket company based in London that oversees assets of more than $1. 7 billion. He is considered one of Britain’s most successful investors and entrepreneurs, and has his hand in such buzzy properties as KX gym in Sloane Square, where Madonna and Daniel Craig are rumored to be clients, and the   Mark’s Club in Mayfair. But he is rarely mentioned by the media. In fact, he claims to employ a public relations firm to get him out of interviews. In photographs, he almost invariably appears in a white or blue   shirt and suit jacket,   and   with a thick head of dark, graying hair. Friends and associates describe him as “a big character” and “a family man” who is “obsessed with his boat,” “always on a diet” and “mad about tennis. ” He is not, in other words, your typical fashion investor. So how did a man more known for telecommunications than style trends end up backing the namesake label of one of Britain’s most   women? Mr. Dubens is evasive about his background when reached by phone, offering, when pressed, that he grew up in the London neighborhood of Chelsea, where he still lives, and that he attended a “Jewish school. ” (The Jewish Free School in north London, it turns out.) Mr. Dubens skipped college, instead taking a job driving a British billionaire, Joseph C. Lewis, around London and the Bahamas, and then, “with no experience at all,” going into business with Jonathan Sieff, a Marks  Spencer’s heir, selling novelty   that changed color when exposed to heat. Five years later, when Mr. Dubens was just 25, they sold the company for 8 million pounds (nearly $10 million at current exchange rates) to Coats Viyella, the clothing, furnishing and threads group. A string of successes followed, spanning online gambling (he took in £7. 5 million on the sale of 365 Media in 2006) to telecoms (Oakley Capital was involved in Pipex Communications, which sold for £330 million in 2007). “As you can tell from my background, I’m a bit unorthodox, and I’m passionate about backing young and new entrepreneurs,” he said, noting that the draw was not about investing in “luxury or glamorous brands. ” Still, in addition to Ms. Chung’s fledging business, he has invested personally and through his venture capital fund, Pembroke VCT, in Bella Freud’s fashion label, known for its graphic cashmere sweaters as well as the genealogy of its founder (she is the daughter of the artist Lucian Freud and   of Sigmund Freud). The hidden link tying Mr. Dubens, Ms. Freud and Ms. Chung? That would be Laura Bailey, a model and British Vogue contributor. While vacationing in St.  several years ago, Mr. Dubens met Ms. Bailey and they developed what she describes as a “formalized friendship” she introduced him first to Ms. Freud and later to Ms. Chung. “He’s got a very big feel for talent and marketing and potential,” she said, adding that he gives the designers “real freedom” in letting them run their businesses. “That’s a plus. I think the danger in these kinds of relationships is too many cooks. ” Ms. Freud said: “He’s not one of those vanity people who want to be the big cheese. He is a big cheese, but he just seems to have quite a lot of fun sailing his yacht around and stuff. “A lot of those kind of people who are money people, they are quite controlling and bullying,” she continued. “He doesn’t say, ‘Flares are coming back in, why don’t you do those?’ ” Edwin Bodson, the head of atelier at Haider Ackermann, who moved to London to become managing director of Alexa Chung in April, said: “What I have learned from Peter is that time has to be treated with discipline. No real problem needs more than 15 minutes of attention if it is well analyzed. ” This May, Ms. Chung’s first collection will arrive at stores, including Bergdorf Goodman in New York and MatchesFashion in London. It will be priced according to what Mr. Bodson described as the “high contemporary” category, from $100 to $120 for a   and $800 to $1, 500 for a sequined dress or jacket. The pieces will be, he said, “close to what people expect”  —   that is, garments in line with Ms. Chung’s signature style. So anticipate a tea dress or two, some constructed jackets and a helping of skinny denim. To coincide with the introduction, Ms. Chung will host an event that Mr. Bodson described as a kind of fashion show, but not restricted to industry members and media. Before other young fashion designers get too excited, however, Mr. Dubens said he had no plans to invest in more apparel brands. “I don’t personally make investments in smaller companies any more,” he said. “Alexa is my last one. ”"
"title: SXSW Focuses on Anti-Trump Rhetoric, Links Rise of A.I. with ’Fascism’ - Breitbart author: Charlie Nash text: This year’s SXSW festival is taking on President Trump, according to The Hill, which reported that the proceedings largely focused on negative rhetoric against the president. [“The centerpiece of the panel discussions is a series titled ‘Tech Under Trump,’” reported The Hill on Saturday, adding that the panel discussions “aren’t pulling any punches. ”  “NPR reporter Sam Sanders is hosting an event titled the ‘2016 Election: How We Got it Wrong! ,’ reflecting on his experiences covering the 2016 presidential race,” they continued. “Another discussion titled ‘Building Bridges When Others Want to Build Walls,’ is intended to highlight the uncertainty facing immigrants. One panel is discussing ‘From Trump to Trolls: How Muslim Media Fights Back. ’” “Some of the panels aren’t   but do highlight the tech industry’s policy priorities, including a discussion titled ‘Can You Hear Me Now? The Rural Broadband Debate,’ featuring Rep. Vicente González ( ) and Information Technology Industry Council President Dean Garfield,” The Hill concluded. “Even the festival’s art and music events are taking on a stronger political tone than in years past. One music showcase is titled ‘Contrabanned,’ and will feature acts from countries including Libya and Somalia, whose citizens are banned from entering the U. S. under Trump’s travel executive order. ” “I’ve never seen in my lifetime an atmosphere of fear as I’ve seen now,” said Sen. Cory Booker at the festival. “I feel a sense of pain about my country right now. “[Trump] isn’t backing away from his rhetoric. But if we don’t engage, we are the source of the problem, not the elected person we don’t like,” he added. In a SXSW session titled “Dark Days: AI and the Rise of Fascism,” Microsoft’s Kate Crawford even attempted to compare the rise of artificial intelligence with fascism. “Just as we are seeing a step function increase in the spread of AI, something else is happening: the rise of   rightwing authoritarianism and fascism,” Crawford declared. “We should always be suspicious when machine learning systems are described as free from bias if it’s been trained on   data. Our biases are built into that training data. ” SXSW’s chief programming officer Hugh Forrest praised the political slant on this year’s festival. “There is definitely a degree of politics or political focus that may not have been there in previous years,” said Forrest. “We hope people walk away with a little better understanding of issues and the players driving the issues. ” Forrest, who voted for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, previously claimed to be “grieving” following President Trump’s victory in November. He also claimed to be excited about SXSW’s “role” in “paving a more progressive path to the future. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"title: Touring Warship, Trump Pushes Plan to Expand Military - The New York Times author: Michael D. Shear text: NEWPORT NEWS, Va.  —   President Trump on Thursday used the country’s most advanced,   aircraft carrier as the    backdrop for his push to rebuild America’s armed forces with a $54 billion increase in military spending. Speaking in the hangar bay of the   Gerald R. Ford, which this year will become the nation’s largest and most powerful warship, Mr. Trump said the Navy  —   and other military services  —   must grow and modernize. “We will make it easier for the Navy to plan for the future and thus to control costs and get the best deals for the taxpayer,” the president said. “The same boat for less money, the same ship for less money, the same airplanes for less money. ” Ever the showman, Mr. Trump arrived on the carrier in dramatic style, landing on the flight deck aboard his helicopter, Marine One. He emerged with a sharp salute and wearing his trademark red Make America Great Again baseball cap. One deck below, watching on large screens, hundreds of sailors and others let up a huge cheer for the commander in chief. After touring the ship, the president was lowered to the hangar bay on the massive elevator that carries fighter jets between the decks. To the sounds of Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the U. S. A. ,” Mr. Trump strode into the crowd  —   wearing a Gerald R. Ford baseball cap. Mr. Trump marveled at the ship’s size, calling it “4. 5 acres of combat power and sovereign U. S. territory, the likes of which there is nothing to compete. ” “It is a monument to American might that will provide the strength necessary to ensure peace,” he said. The Ford is the first of a new, more technologically advanced class of aircraft carrier, and cost about $13 billion to build after cost overruns and years of delay. But Mr. Trump did not mention those challenges, saying instead that he supports expanding to a   Navy, from the current 10. He said ships like the Ford will allow him and future presidents to project American power in distant lands. “Hopefully it’s power we don’t have to use. But if we do, they are in big, big trouble,” he said to cheers from the sailors. Mr. Trump asserted, as he did during the presidential campaign, that the Navy is now the smallest it has been since World War I. The Navy swelled from 245 ships in 1916 to a peak of over 6, 000 during World War II, downsizing between conflicts and bulking up during the Korean and Vietnam Wars. From the 1970s, the Navy gradually began to shrink to a total battle force of 275 ships as of September 2016. But that fleet includes 10 aircraft carriers, 22 cruisers, 63 destroyers, 11 amphibious assault ships and 68 submarines, 14 of which are armed with nuclear warheads. These are far more powerful than the fleets of World War II. So comparing the navies of the past and today is “like comparing the telegraph to the smartphone they’re just not comparable,” Ray Mabus, the secretary of the Navy under President Barack Obama, said in 2012. Lawmakers in both parties have already expressed deep skepticism about Mr. Trump’s military spending proposal, in part because of its potential to increase the nation’s deficit and in part because of the administration’s assertion that it would deeply slash nonmilitary spending to compensate. But the president’s desire to expand the military was a core promise during his campaign for the White House. American politicians often seek to associate themselves with the country’s enormous, gleaming war machines. Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, announced his choice of Speaker Paul D. Ryan as his running mate on the retired battleship Wisconsin. But sometimes the moment goes awry. In 2003, President George W. Bush stood on the deck of the aircraft carrier Abraham Lincoln to declare that the military phase of the Iraq war was over. He spoke in front of a banner that proclaimed “Mission Accomplished. ” The war continued for years. Aides to Mr. Trump are hoping that the images of the president on the Ford are more positive."
"title: Egypt Court Sentence Man to Death for Murdering Christian Alcohol Retailer author: Ali Waked text: JAFFA, Israel  —   An Egyptian man was sentenced to death for murdering a Christian alcohol retailer. [The sentence for Adel Assaliyeh, a Muslim resident of Alexandria, was submitted to the Grand Mufti of Egypt, who has the prerogative on signing off on death sentences.  Assaliyeh admitted to killing the victim, Youssef Lamei, saying he had asked him to stop selling alcohol to no avail. Refusing legal counsel, Assaliyeh reportedly didn’t show remorse and said, “If I could, I’d kill all of the alcohol retailers. ” The victim’s son Tony said the defendant threatened him during the trial and said he would murder him too as well as all Coptic Christians. Tony said that the defendant nonchalantly reenacted the murder while citing Islamic rulings permitting the killing of Christians that he had heard on television. Lamei’s assault last month by an initially anonymous man was caught on   cameras and shocked the Egyptian public. It also further increased the uncertainties facing the Coptic community."
"title: Donald Trump, Chattanooga, Mosul: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing - The New York Times author: Karen Zraick and Sandra Stevenson text: (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the  .) Good evening. Here’s the latest. 1. After a morning of    statements and Twitter posts,   Donald Trump met with Times journalists and our publisher, above, at our Midtown Manhattan headquarters. We   his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the Paris climate accord, saying he would keep “an open mind. ” He said that he didn’t “want to energize” white supremacists. He suggested that his    could help broker peace between Israelis and Palestinians. And Mr. Trump confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into Hillary Clinton’s private email server and family foundation, saying she had already “suffered greatly. ” That decision may provoke a backlash among his supporters. ____ 2. The   was also asked about a meeting with a British politician, Nigel Farage, shortly after the election. According to a person present at that meeting, Mr. Trump encouraged Mr. Farage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Mr. Trump believes will mar the view from one of his Scottish golf courses. “I might have brought it up,” he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say Mr. Trump’s international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. The Supreme Court has never squarely considered the clause and there are no historical analogies. ____ 3. Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota is encountering resistance from the White House in his bid to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee. His supporters hoped he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But President Obama’s advisers, uneasy with the progressive Mr. Ellison, are casting about for an alternative, according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. ____ 4. Mr. Obama  awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 people. It’s the nation’s highest civilian honor, and Mr. Obama has awarded more of them than any other president. The honorees include Kareem   above and Ellen DeGeneres, Diana Ross, Bruce Springsteen, the “Saturday Night Live” creator Lorne Michaels, and Bill and Melinda Gates, among other boldfaced names. He also granted clemency to 79 drug offenders, bringing the number of people whose sentences he has commuted to over 1, 000. ____ 5. More details are emerging about the school bus crash in Chattanooga, Tenn. that killed five students on Monday. The authorities say the    driver was going “well above” the     speed limit when the bus crashed. He’s been charged with five counts of vehicular homicide. ____ 6. The military campaign to oust the Islamic State from Mosul is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian crisis: the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a   man searching for his parents are common. “I have not heard from them,” he told our reporter. “I am always crying. ” ____ 7. Some babies who have microcephaly linked to the Zika virus might appear healthy at birth, but develop symptoms later. That’s the unfortunate finding in a new study of 13 babies in Brazil. Doctors say there will most likely be other waves of children whose brains were affected by the Zika infection, but not severely enough to be noticed in their early months or years. ____ 8. Exxon Mobil, under fire over its past efforts to undercut climate science, is accusing the Rockefeller family of masterminding a conspiracy against it. Rockefeller family charities, longtime backers of environmental causes, have supported much of the research and reporting that have called the company to account for its climate policies. In 1870, John D. Rockefeller founded Standard Oil, the company that became Exxon Mobil. Above, David Kaiser, a member of the Rockefeller familiy. ___ 9. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The 7.  quake hit near the site of the   2011 nuclear disaster in which three reactors melted down. This time, the Fukushima Daini and Daiichi power stations responded well. But critics remain concerned about whether the company is prepared for a disaster on the scale of the 2011 earthquake. ___ 10. Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found that, with air temperatures far warmer and sea ice far rarer than normal, algae that form the base of the oceanic food chain are wildly proliferating. The changes are likely to have a profound impact on animals like birds, seals, polar bears and whales. ___ 11. Finally, we’ve been talking a lot about Thanksgiving dinner. But what about the before and after? Here are some recipes for appetizers on the big day, and a hearty frittata to feed overnight guests. ___ Photographs may appear out of order for some readers. Viewing this version of the briefing should help. Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p. m. Eastern. And don’t miss Your Morning Briefing, posted weekdays at 6 a. m. Eastern, and Your Weekend Briefing, posted at 6 a. m. Sundays. Want to look back? Here’s last night’s briefing. What did you like? What do you want to see here? Let us know at briefing@nytimes. com."
"title: Rep. Mike Kelly Introduces Bill to Repeal Obamacare’s Cadillac Tax - Breitbart author: Dr. Susan Berry text: Rep. Mike Kelly ( ) has introduced legislation that would repeal Obamacare’s controversial Cadillac Tax. [The provision would impose a 40 percent excise tax on all health insurance plans provided by employers that have a value of more than $10, 200 for individual coverage and $27, 500 for family coverage.  The bill (H. R. 173) dubbed the “Middle Class Health Benefits Tax Repeal Act of 2017,” is   by Democrat Rep. Joe Courtney (CT). “As President Obama comes to Capitol Hill to try to save his failed health care law, I am proud to take one of the first steps in repealing and replacing this law in order to save the American people from its harmful consequences,” Kelly said in a press release. “The widespread pain of Obamacare’s higher costs and broken promises is already being felt by countless families and workers, yet with the law’s looming Cadillac Tax, in many ways the worst is yet to come. ” Though the Cadillac Tax was originally scheduled to take effect in 2018, currently it is slated for implementation in 2020. According to the press release, “analysis by the Kaiser Family Foundation” finds “the tax will impact approximately 42 percent of American employers and their employees. ” “The Cadillac Tax is a major reason why the   Affordable Care Act will make health care even less affordable and accessible for so many households across America,” Kelly continued. “Sensible health care policy should encourage employers to offer a full range of health plans to their associates, not punish them with an unfair tax for doing so. ” “The sad result will be higher deductibles and fewer services for hardworking Americans,” he added. “With most Pennsylvanians covered by   health insurance, this Obamacare tax will be a disaster felt especially close to home. ”"
"title: Vermont High School Looking to Dump ’Rebel’ Mascot - Breitbart author: Warner Todd Huston text: A high school in Vermont has ignited controversy by empaneling a   committee to explore the idea of eliminating the school’s    Rebel mascot. [The committee, which will meet at South Burlington High School in South Burlington, Vermont, will make suggestions on what team name and mascot should replace the   of its original name. Estimates indicate that it could cost up to $50, 000 to eliminate the Rebel name.  The original name was chosen in 1961, four years after construction of the high school, by city fathers steeped in the local history that South Burlington separated itself from the town of Burlington back in 1865. When the team name was suggested, “no one batted an eyelash,” The Wall Street Journal reported. These days, a Confederate rebel is not as innocuous. Many parents and local community leaders became upset about the team name two years ago when a local newspaper dug up   photos of students posing with Confederate flags on the football field, and that is when talk of dumping the Rebel name began. However, not everyone is upset by the    team name. “I don’t think constantly caving in to political correctness is appropriate in this day and age,” Linus Leavens, a 1972 South Burlington graduate, told the Journal. “I think a lot of America feels that way there was an election recently that showed that. ” Another resident noted that the name Rebel could equally refer to figures such as Muhammad Ali, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. or Rosa Parks. A large group of South Burlington graduates and local members of the community created a Facebook page entitled Rebel Alliance to work to overturn the school board’s decision to dump the team name. The team name has also been used tangentially in an effort to urge local voters to deny a higher school budget. According to the paper, signs dotted the landscape reading, “Be a Rebel. Vote No” on the school   proposal. Still, the school has taken steps to draw back from its Confederate Colonel mascot by slowly eliminating the image from the gym floor, uniforms, and ceasing its use in programs and other materials. In any case, it appears that some students tire of adults fighting over the issue. At a recent school board meeting, senior Ryan Croxford said he doesn’t care what the team is named and criticized people for “fighting over this ridiculous stuff. ” He added that the fighting had become “really petty at this point. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"title: Tom Cotton Voted No on Omnibus: Bill Increases Unskilled Worker Visas 120% - Breitbart author: Penny Starr text: Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) took to the Senate floor on Thursday ahead of the vote on the spending bill to fund the federal government through September, citing as the main reason he voted against it the flood of unskilled workers that could be admitted to the United States under the legislation. [“I want to hone in on one particular provision that shows just how bad this process is,” Cotton said, noting the bill is almost 1, 700 pages in length.  “They don’t hide the good things in the bill, they only hide the bad things,” Cotton said. “So look to page 735, section   you will find an increase in   visas of almost 79, 000. “A 120 percent increase over the normal annual cap of a   seasonal visa program for temporary workers that can take up to nine or ten months,” Cotton said. “It’s not necessary. It has nothing to do with funding the government, nothing. ” Cotton criticized the process and noted it is unclear how the visa section got into a spending bill. “But this is what it does: it takes jobs away from American workers and abuses the immigrants that come into this country,” Cotton said, noting that according to the Department of Labor thousands of guest workers have been abused by American employers, including sexual abuse. “It is a   form of indentured servitude,” Cotton said. Breitbart News reported ahead of the spending bill vote that the it allows the Department of Homeland Security to import at least 20, 000 extra foreign   workers for seasonal jobs in the United States, instead of requiring companies to recruit, train, and pay marginalized Americans. The   program currently allows companies that do seasonal work to import up to 66, 000 foreign workers each year instead of recruiting and hiring Americans. The program is supported by Democrats and Republicans eager to aid local business groups, which are competing against each other for American workers, and which face competition from the companies that employ roughly eight million illegal immigrants. The program means companies don’t have to pay a premium to hire Americans for seasonal overtime work that leaves them unemployed in winter, and it also reduces pressure on the companies to recruit and train youths and marginalized Americans, including millions of Americans who have fallen out of the workforce. The imported workers are also paid at rates that are lower than needed to attract Americans to those jobs  —   which also means that the companies can pay lower wages to their   American workers. Cotton said the spending bill reinforces the false narrative about American workers and what jobs they are willing to take. “A lot of the arguments for this kind of program boil down to this: No American worker will do that job,” Cotton said. “That is a lie. It is a lie. ” “There is no job that Americans will not do,” Cotton said. “There is no industry in America where a majority of workers are not   American citizens or   lawful immigrants  —   not landscapers, not construction workers, not ski instructors, not lifeguards, not resort workers, not crab men, not a single one. ” “If the wage is decent and the employer obeys the law, Americans will do the job,” Cotton said. “And if it’s not, they should pay higher wages. To say anything else is an insult to the work ethic of the American people who make this country run. ” "
"title: Watchdog Claims 5K Noncitizens Registered to Vote in Virginia author: Brandon Darby text: A new report released shortly after the forming of the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity finds that more than 5, 000 individuals were determined to be  . S. citizens registered to vote in Virginia. [Dubbed a “sequel” to a similar 2016 effort, the latest study found 5, 556 voters were “quietly removed” from the records for reasons related to   “between 2011 and May 2017,” according to an advanced look at the findings provided by the Public Interest Legal Foundation (PILF). Of the total registered,   of unlawful voters managed to cast ballots —  leading to a total of more than 7, 400 illegal votes cast, according to the report.  The organization points out that it was unable to find any evidence that illegal registrations or votes were ever prosecuted. The report details how ineligible individuals are slowly discovered by local officials —  most often, the authors allege, by accident. Applicants for voter registration are not required to prove they are actual U. S. citizens in Virginia. The vast majority of states only require that people claim to be citizens during registration, PILF notes. The report details, however, that Virginia shares information when a claimed citizen indicates otherwise to a separate state agency. At that point, removal procedures begin: In the absence of regular   arrangements between federal officials and the Commonwealth, the ability of election officials to identify aliens on the voter rolls is almost nonexistent. The most that happens in Virginia is that an alien on the voter rolls will sometimes tell the state DMV they are not a citizen. Without those leads, counties and municipalities must accept false claims of citizenship on their face. The authors also shared with this reporter examples of how some ineligible noncitizens admitted their immigration statuses at the outset, but were still registered to vote. Some illegal registrants lasted on the rolls for years —  risking possible deportation —  until they were discovered.   In order to obtain the information necessary to perform the study, the Public Interest Legal Foundation filed a total of three lawsuits across the commonwealth in 2016. The group claims that political interference from officials loyal to Governor Terry McAuliffe (D) initially stalled the research effort. “At the instruction of Governor McAuliffe’s political appointees, local election officials spent countless resources to prevent this information from spilling into the open,” J. Christian Adams, a former Department of Justice attorney and President of the Public Interest Legal Foundation said in a statement. “Virginia hid critical information that would have improved election integrity while a political    vetoed numerous proposals that would’ve prevented alien registration and voting. ” A release notes that local clerks were advised to reject PILF’s requests for information, citing the federal Drivers Privacy Protection Act as a justification to prevent full disclosure, since some noncitizens outed themselves when receiving driver’s licenses. That effort reportedly failed when the organization sued some northern and central Virginia officials. The “alien voting” report arrives at an interesting time. In addition the presidential commission announced that plans to study similar problems around the country, Virginia is also due to hold statewide elections in November 2017. The nonprofit law firm credits the Virginia Voters Alliance for assisting in the research effort locally. The report adds that it is a felony on both state and federal levels for a   to vote and can carry with it an order of deportation. Alien Invasion II by Public Interest Legal Foundation on Scribd,  Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com."
"title: Donald Trump: ’Anti-Semitism is Horrible’ author: Charlie Spiering text: President Donald Trump condemned   in response to a series of vandalism events targeting Jewish sites. [“  is horrible and it’s going to stop,” Trump told NBC News after visiting the   museum in Washington D. C. on Tuesday. “And, it’s gonna stop and it has to stop. ”  Trump’s response came as the media criticized him for not condemning the vandalism forcefully enough. “This tour was a meaningful reminder of why we have to fight bigotry, intolerance and hatred in all of its very ugly forms,” Trump said. “The   threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are a painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil. ” During the museum visit, Trump was asked by reporters if he would visit the Holocaust Museum in Washington D. C. as well. “I will. I will be doing it soon,” he said. “Very important. Very important for me. ” Trump has battled media accusations that he is implicitly indifferent to   despite his repeated support for Israel and his Jewish    Jared Kushner and daughter Ivanka Trump and their three grandchildren. “I am the least   person that you’ve ever seen in your entire life,” Trump said emphatically during a press conference last week, when he was questioned by reporter about “an uptick in  . ” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu defended Trump from critics during a press conference at the White House. “I’ve known the president and I’ve known his family and his team for a long time. There is no greater supporter of the Jewish people and the Jewish state than president Donald Trump,” Netanyahu said. “I think we should put that to rest. ”"
"title: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: ’La La Land’ Sends ’Bigoted Message,’ ’Misleads’ on Race and Jazz - Breitbart author: Breitbart News text: NBA great and cultural commentator Kareem   writes a column for the Hollywood Reporter in which he examines the   hit film La La Land and how it “misleads” on issues of race, romance and jazz. [From the Hollywood Reporter:  A recent Saturday Night Live skit depicts two   cops yelling at a handcuffed man they just arrested because he didn’t think La La Land was great. “It dragged in the middle,” he complains. “You sick son of a bitch!” one cop barks. “You disgust me!” This pretty much distills the rift in American pop culture that is nearly as contentious as the rift in American politics. As someone who finds La La Land bold, daring and deserving of all its critical and financial success, I can also admit that there are a few elements that warrant closer examination, particularly regarding its portrayal of jazz, romance and people of color. In fact, the better a work of art is, the more we must dissect it, because now we’re not just measuring Rotten Tomatoes popularity or boffo box office, we’re assessing its proper place in our cultural canon. No, I don’t think the film needs more black people.   Damien Chazelle should tell the story as he sees fits with whatever ethnic arrangement he desires. However, it is fair to question his color wheel when it involves certain historical elements  —   such as jazz.   …     The white guy wants to preserve the black roots of jazz while the black guy is the sellout? This could be a deliberate ironic twist, but if it is, it’s a distasteful one for  . One legitimate complaint that marginalized people (women, people of color, Muslims, the LGBT community, etc.) have had about Hollywood in the past is that when they were portrayed, it was done in a negative way. The ditzy blonde, the Muslim terrorist, the gay predator are all familiar stereotypes from years of TV and movies. So much has been done in recent years to overcome those debasing images, but we still have to be careful. It’s not that a black man can’t be the sellout or the drug dealer, it’s just that they shouldn’t be if they’re the only prominent black character in the story. Whether it’s intentional or unintentional, that sends a bigoted message rippling through our society.   …     Read the full column at the Hollywood Reporter."
"title: My Hajj Reading List: Preparing for Mecca - The New York Times author: Diaa Hadid text: Starting Saturday, about two million Muslims will participate in the hajj, an annual pilgrimage to holy sites in Saudi Arabia. I’ll be participating for the first time, and to prepare, I assembled an eclectic reading list including Islamic history, firsthand accounts of the hajj and spiritual meditations. I am rereading “The Autobiography of Malcolm X,” which culminates with one of the most meaningful passages I have ever encountered on the pilgrimage. Also, I revisited “The Sun Also Rises” by Ernest Hemingway, for his sharp prose and as a reminder that a journey can always be an adventure. I bought “Getting the Best Out of  ” by Abu Muneer Ismail Davids, a droll manual that includes invaluable advice, including where to camp at the plains of Mina, why you should bring an inflatable mattress, and what direction to walk to avoid being crushed by the crowds of pilgrims. I have already flagged many pages with   note reminders. Also on the list: • “Hajj: Journey to the Heart of Islam,” edited by Venetia Porter, to help me understand the spiritual importance of the hajj. • “The Siege of Mecca: The 1979 Uprising at Islam’s Holiest Shrine,” by Yaroslav Trofimov, about the great rupture almost 40 years ago between Saudi Arabia and Iran that played out at the hajj. • Finally, “Sea Without Shore: A Manual of the Sufi Path” by Nuh Ha Mim Keller, to immerse myself in some spirituality before I head to Mecca."
"title: Fake News: HuffPo Invents a Steve Bannon ‘War’ on Pope Francis author: Rebecca Mansour text: The   Huffington Post stooped to innuendo, slurs, and outright fabrication to manufacture out of whole cloth a dark conspiracy by Donald Trump’s chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon against Pope Francis. [Piggybacking on a baseless New York Times article by Jason Horowitz that imagined close ties between Bannon and “traditionalists in the Vatican,” Huffington Post writer Michele Somerville goes still further, alleging that Bannon is aligning himself “with the   fringe of Roman Catholicism” in order to wage a war on Pope Francis.  In her breathtaking ignorance, Somerville bases her entire thesis on an outright error. She mistakes Steve Bannon’s 2014 reference to the “Church militant” —  a common Catholic expression referring to Christians on earth as opposed to those who have already died —  for a traditionalist website by the same name. Although Bannon has no connection whatsoever with the website or its theories about Catholic doctrine, Somerville concocts a nefarious link between the two, attributing the website’s ideas to Bannon himself. Throughout the rambling piece, Somerville lays out in great detail some of the more absurd ideas advocated by the Church Militant website, and by association suggests that Bannon must hold to the same theories. She seems ignorant of the fact that Bannon is unaware of the existence of the website and furthermore couldn’t care less about its doctrinal nitpicking. Somerville’s first mistake was giving credence to Horowitz’s New York Times piece, which alleged that Bannon visited the Vatican in 2014 “to cultivate strategic alliances with those in Rome who share his interpretation of a   ‘church militant’ theology. ” If Somerville had employed even a minimum of journalistic   she would have quickly found that the Horowitz piece on the   connection was built on air. Although Horowitz alleges close ties between Bannon and “traditionalists in the Vatican,” he doesn’t cite a single Vatican official in the entire piece and instead relies on his fertile imagination to construct a web of alliances that do not exist. In fact, when Horowitz floated his theory to Breitbart’s Rome bureau chief, Dr. Thomas Williams, Williams assured him that it had no basis in fact and that Bannon had never pursued alliances in the Vatican and had no interest in influencing church affairs. Despite this advice, Horowitz chose to publish the story anyway. In point of fact, when Bannon visited Rome in April 2014, he only met with one Vatican official: Cardinal Raymond Burke, who at the time was head of the Vatican’s supreme court. As the highest ranking American in the Vatican and a conservative besides, Burke was sought out by Bannon not for a   meeting but for an   interview as part of Breitbart’s media outreach. This was their sole meeting. Moreover, despite Horowitz’s statement to the contrary, at the time of their meeting there had been no conflict between Cardinal Burke and Pope Francis, and Bannon was not attempting to stoke “divisions” within the Church. Bannon pursued the idea of a Rome bureau for Breitbart News in 2014 because of his belief that politics is downstream of culture and that the moral voice of the Catholic Church has a powerful impact on the rest of the world.  In hiring Breitbart’s Rome bureau chief, Bannon chose not a   or an   but Dr. Thomas Williams, a theologian and former Catholic priest who has since written literally hundreds of articles on Pope Francis and the Vatican, nearly all of which have been sympathetic to the Pope. Unable to mount an argument, Somerville instead descends to insults and baseless slurs, calling Bannon an “  Catholic” who only collaborates with Jews in order to achieve the greater good of defeating Islam. She similarly attempts to tar him as a proponent of “ ” or “  Roman Catholicism,” whatever that means. “Bannon wants a war and he will use Jesus to get one,” Somerville ominously warns. Fake news at its finest."
"title: A George Carlin Special Too Raw After Sept. 11 Resurfaces Now - The New York Times author: Jason Zinoman text: On Sept. 10, 2001, George Carlin, the greatest political comic in history if measured only by   specials, recorded a bracing hour of social commentary for his new HBO special. The next day, he shelved it. It wasn’t only the title, “I Kinda Like It When a Lotta People Die,” that seemed in bad taste after nearly 3, 000 people were killed a day later in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Mr. Carlin also told a joke about a fart so potent it blew up an airplane. “You know who gets blamed? Osama bin Laden,” Mr. Carlin joked. “The F. B. I. is looking for explosives. They should be looking for minute traces of rice and bok choy. ” If timing is everything, Mr. Carlin had nothing. Fifteen years later, his lost special is finally being released. (It is on Sirius XM, though it will be for sale as a download or on CD or vinyl on Sept. 16, at Amazon and iTunes, among other outlets.) It will be a revelation for comedy fans nostalgic for the days when you could expect a series of articulate salvos from Mr. Carlin about every two years. This special is not bonus track material. It’s a polished hour of new jokes with a virtuosic centerpiece, an intricate and elusive nearly   story that inspired its title, firmly in the tradition of Mr. Carlin’s comedy but also a fascinating departure. Mr. Carlin, who died in 2008, had always been a   comic whose skepticism of government would be right at home with the Tea Party. In a 1999 special, he even ridiculed airport security as a pointless charade, saying Americans are “always willing to trade away a little of their freedom” in exchange for “the illusion of security. ” But like so many other people, he was transformed by Sept. 11. He released an entirely new special only two months after the attack  —   “Complaints and Grievances”  —   in which he talks more about survival than freedom, setting up one premise by saying that dire events call for us to cooperate with “unsavory people” like George W. Bush. Mr. Carlin’s more tentative attitude toward the government is a reminder of the anxiety about even doing comedy after Sept. 11. All the     hosts went off the air for days. Multiple journalists wrote eulogies for irony and there was a sense among some that it was almost unseemly to respond to the attack in cultural terms. Today, we have a more accelerated news coverage and politicized comedy scene. No one canceled a   show after the June attack on a nightclub in Orlando, Fla. and the sober way   hosts speak after national tragedies has hardened into something like ritual, a part of the job. In “I Kinda Like It,” Mr. Carlin addressed mass killings in a way that seemed on the surface out of touch with the tragedy that followed. In a cavalier tone, he says that he enjoys news of disasters the way a sports fan raves about seeing breaking records. An earthquake, he says in an   accent, “put up some really big numbers,” adding that he’s “always rooting for a really high death toll. ” While this can seem like cheap provocation compared with his more famous bits, like the one inveighing against the seven words you can’t say on television, gleefully imagining mass destruction had been a regular part of his   for years. “I watch television news for one thing only  —   entertainment,” he said in “Jammin’ in New York,” his 1992 special. “My favorite thing is accidents and fires. I’m not interested in the budget. You show me a hospital on fire and I’m a happy guy. ” What Mr. Carlin is doing here is satirizing American blood lust, bringing to the surface the impulse that makes professional wrestling and crime stories so popular. As he put it more bluntly in 1992, “At least I admit it. ” “I Kinda Like It” adds a more baroque voice to this satire of our dark, repressed thrills. After saying that he enjoys the excitement of people dying, then comparing massacres and natural disasters in the voice of a demented sociopath, Mr. Carlin imagines the apex of calamity, putting every disaster movie to shame. His dizzyingly dense story includes flood, power failure, traffic jams, global warming, cholera, typhoid fever and a conflagration that wipes out North America. And then things go really bad. Shifting into a cosmically fantastical mode, Mr. Carlin imagines this disaster leading to the breakdown of the molecular structure of the atmosphere and changing the laws of nature. Burning clouds of flaming rain fly upward, the moon explodes and the dead return to life. There’s a literary quality to the grotesque and often surreal imagery of this story (Mr. Carlin developed material in performance but began on the page) leaving behind punch lines and aiming for an almost metaphysical sense of the absurd in which people are inconsequential specks in a vast Lovecraftian universe. What really distinguishes this from Mr. Carlin’s previous work is that it becomes totally unhinged from logic. He was nothing if not a rigorous thinker, who made you laugh by finding his way through arguments that led to outrageous conclusions like his brief against the sanctity of life, zeroing in on exceptions (“Doesn’t apply to cancer cells, does it? You rarely see a bumper sticker that says ‘Save the Tumors’”) while arguing that it’s really driven by the   of the living. But in “I Kinda Like It,” his arguments gradually unravel, deconstruct and are interrupted by supernatural details and then pure nonsense. What begins as satire devolves into madness, culminating in a nightmarish dinner party attended by bitter, resentful zombies, all named Uncle Dave. At the end of this parade of catastrophes, these bitter men gather around a table and spew resentments about their children, parents, the government and minorities. Their disgust spins out of them into what Mr. Carlin describes as a swirling “pool of hate” that expands beyond the universe and explodes in a kind of second big bang. The new world that emerges is utopian, and every Uncle Dave wins the lottery every week. Out of disaster comes nirvana. This operatic yarn is less argumentative than most of Mr. Carlin’s bits, more open to interpretation. One way to see it, though, is as a sendup of the terrorist   that led to the attack on the World Trade Center and other sites that day, a biting take on an extremist view that imagines that a twisted form of deliverance will come from violence and hate. Seen from a certain angle, a story once too provocative to release might be the perfect example of comedy in the  . 11 world."
"title: Philippines Can Give Hero’s Burial to Ferdinand Marcos, High Court Rules - The New York Times author: Felipe Villamor text: MANILA  —   The Philippines’ highest court ruled on Tuesday that the dictator Ferdinand E. Marcos may be granted a hero’s burial, resolving a divisive issue in a country where passions over his brutal   rule still run high. A spokesman for the Supreme Court, Theodore Te, said the justices voted 9 to 5 to turn down a petition submitted by rights groups opposed to the reburial of Mr. Marcos, who died in 1989. The decision clears the way to carry out an order by President Rodrigo Duterte to bury Mr. Marcos in the national Cemetery of Heroes in Taguig City, a part of greater Manila. In a narrow ruling that did not touch on the crimes or merits of the Marcos government, the court decided that “there is no law that prohibits the burial,” Mr. Te said. The Marcos family, which for years has lobbied for the reburial, applauded the decision, saying it would help the country move forward. “It is our sincerest hope that this will lead the nation towards healing,” Mr. Marcos’s son, Ferdinand Marcos Jr. said in a statement. “I think this will be the beginning of bringing the country together. ” The groups that petitioned to stop the burial, which included many people who were tortured under Mr. Marcos’s rule, argued that the decision was part of an effort to whitewash an ugly period of history. Senator Risa Hontiveros said the decision would “effectively wipe the Marcos slate clean and negate the sacrifices of the thousands of brave souls who fought and suffered under the brutal dictatorship. ” The court, she said, had “miserably failed the test of history and broken our hearts. ” The Marcos government is believed to have killed more than 3, 000 political opponents and tortured tens of thousands. A government commission estimated that members of the Marcos family and their associates plundered about $10 billion from the country while millions of Filipinos lived in dire poverty. Mr. Marcos was ousted in a popular uprising in 1986 and died in the United States three years later. His body was repatriated in 1993 and has been stored in a refrigerated crypt in his hometown, Batac, in Ilocos Norte Province. His family has since achieved something of a political comeback. In addition to his son, a former senator who ran for vice president this year, his widow, Imelda, is a member of Congress, and one of his daughters, Imee, is governor of Ilocos Norte. Mr. Duterte has been a strong public supporter of the family and said he received a campaign contribution during this year’s election from Imee Marcos. She has denied making a contribution. Loretta Rosales, 77, a leftist politician who was tortured during martial law in the 1970s, said Mr. Duterte had been “very clear about his alliances. ” The court ruling, she predicted, would be “closely linked to schemes that may be made to restore the Marcoses back to power. ” Mr. Duterte’s chief legal counsel, Salvador Panelo, said the ruling was expected, as the law accords military veterans like Mr. Marcos the right to be buried in the Cemetery of Heroes. “It validates our theory that the law and the regulations are clear in the matter of burial of   and soldiers,” he said. “It’s about time that the nation moves on and confront the more pressing concerns of the country rather than linger on an emotional issue that is as unproductive as it is divisive. ”"
"title: Princess Cruise Lines to Pay $40 Million Fine for Illegal Dumping - The New York Times author: Katie Rogers text: Princess Cruise Lines has pleaded guilty to seven felony charges and will pay $40 million after employees on a cruise ship were caught dumping oiled waste into the seas and lying to cover up their actions, officials with the Justice Department said. Federal authorities called it the “  criminal penalty” for intentional vessel pollution. In a statement released by the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida on Thursday, officials said that employees of a cruise ship, the Caribbean Princess, used several tactics, including a device called a “magic pipe,” to circumvent   mechanisms and digital devices monitoring oil levels. Officials said that four other Princess ships were also found to have engaged in illegal practices to discharge waste. As part of its plea agreement, ships from eight of the parent company Carnival Cruise lines will be under a court supervised environmental compliance plan for five years, and will undergo auditing, officials said. The discharged waste included gray water  —   water that has been contaminated with food particles, grease and fat from the ship’s galley  —   and water found in the ship’s bilge, the bottom part of the ship where oil waste from engines can accumulate. In one case, investigators on the Caribbean Princess found black oil in another valve that employees used to discharge waste. Officials said these practices began in 2005 and persisted until August 2013, when a newly hired engineer on the Caribbean Princess observed more than 4, 000 gallons of contaminated discharge being released into the ocean off the coast of England. He reported the practice to Britain’s Maritime and Coastguard Agency and quit when the ship reached Southampton. Princess, which is a division of the   Carnival Cruise lines, the largest such company in the world, gave the Caribbean Princess its debut in 2004, and the ship has traveled the world’s seas, from ports in Texas to the coast of England. One motive for the dumping, officials said, was to save money, because the cost of removing the waste from the ship at ports is expensive. John C. Cruden, the assistant attorney general for the Department of Justice’s Environment and Natural Resources Division, said in a statement that the cruise line’s practice was habitual. “The pollution in this case was the result of more than just bad actors on one ship,” Mr. Cruden said. “It reflects very poorly on Princess’s culture and management. This is a company that knew better and should have done better. ” In a statement, Princess Cruise Lines said it had launched its own internal investigation when the episode was first reported in 2013, and said that existing policies and procedures had not been enough to safeguard against the pollution. Princess also said that it had invested in better training, restructured operations and spent “millions of dollars” to upgrade ship equipment. In its report, the Justice Department said that Princess had no written procedures or training for handling internal gray water spills."
"title: Iceland’s Prime Minister Resigns, After Pirate Party Makes Strong Gains - The New York Times author: Kimiko de Freytas-Tamura text: REYKJAVIK, Iceland  —   Iceland’s prime minister announced on Sunday that he would resign, as the insurgent,   Pirate Party capitalized on a wave of anger over corruption to come in second place in the country’s general election. The prime minister, Sigurdur Ingi Johannsson, announced his departure on national television after his   Progressive Party’s share of seats in the   Parliament collapsed to eight from 19 in the previous election, in 2013. Mr. Johannsson’s predecessor as prime minister, Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, was forced from office in April amid accusations of conflicts of interest after revelations in leaked documents, known as the Panama Papers, of the hidden wealth of the country’s elite. The conservative Independence Party, which has been in a governing coalition with the Progressives, came in first with 21 seats, up from 19 in the last election. But the big winner in the election on Saturday was the    Pirate Party, which took 10 seats, more than tripling its showing of three seats in the last general election. The   Party also won 10 seats. The   parties  —   the   the Pirates and two allies  —   won 27 seats over all, just short of a majority. The liberal Regeneration Party, which is expected to play the role of kingmaker, has ruled out joining a coalition with the current governing establishment parties. This means that   parties could potentially form a governing coalition. While the conservative Independence Party made gains, “it is not a return to the status quo,” said Andres Jonsson, a political consultant. To form a government, the party will have to extend its hand to smaller, more rebellious groups, he said. “The traditional party system has been disrupted,” Mr. Jonsson said. “We are not seeing big movements of people who feel that they are able to relate with the messages of the big coalition parties. Changes are going to come from the outside, not from inside the old parties. ” The election for Iceland’s Parliament, the world’s oldest, highlighted the fragmentation of the political landscape. A dozen parties fought for power over an electorate of about 260, 000, barely enough to fill three American football stadiums. Birgitta Jonsdottir, the anarchist leader of the Pirate Party, said she was satisfied with the result. “Whatever happens, we have created a wave of change in the Icelandic society,” she told a cheering crowd here early Sunday. About 40 percent of Pirate supporters are under the age of 30. They had pinned their hopes on a party that has promised to install a more inclusive and transparent government. The Pirates have pledged to enhance direct democracy by passing the world’s first “  constitution,” drafted by Icelandic civilians rather than politicians. Parliament blocked the document in 2013. The party also wants to redistribute wealth and increase the government’s anticorruption powers. (The country is already the 13th least corrupt country in the world, according to Transparency International, a watchdog group, ahead of the United States.) “We want to see   ethics rather than     economics,” Ms. Jonsdottir, 49, who is also a former WikiLeaks activist, said in an interview on the eve of the election. Strong   feeling has swept through Iceland since the financial crisis, and has been aggravated by the Panama Papers scandal in April, which sent thousands of protesters into the streets. The Pirate Party has benefited from a wave of dissent that has swept through Europe and the United States, upending traditional politics and fracturing mainstream parties. In 2008, Iceland’s economy collapsed after its banking sector, fresh from deregulation, grew exponentially. In the years before that, Icelanders binged on credit, some becoming billionaires overnight. By 2006, the average Icelander was 300 percent wealthier than three years earlier. Cronyism became rampant. When the crisis hit, Icelanders were plunged into debt and banks racked up losses of billions of dollars, many times more than the size of Iceland’s economy. Today, the economy has recovered, partly thanks to booming tourism. But public anger still runs deep. “We are a platform for young people, for progressive people who shape and reshape our society,” Ms. Jonsdottir told Agence  . “Like Robin Hood, because Robin Hood was a pirate, we want to take the power from the powerful to give it to the people. ”"
"title: Sweden: Migrant Cries ’Racism’ When Woman in Hijab Asked to Show Train Ticket Attacks Passengers with Knife author: Jack Montgomery text: An Iraqi man travelling from Stockholm to Hallsberg by train launched a brutal attack on passengers after a Muslim woman was asked to show her ticket, accusing them all of racism. [Karim Alaa Hussain, 25, became infuriated when the unnamed woman, who was wearing a veil, was asked to show her rail ticket by a female conductor.  The Muslim woman complained she had already been asked to show her ticket once before, although eyewitnesses say the conductor was “polite and correct”. Hussain took a different view, according to a report by Fria Tider, corroborated by court documents seen by Breitbart London. Hussain sprang to his feet and demanded to know why the conductor had asked to see the woman’s ticket, refusing to accept her explanation that she was “only doing her job” and he became “extremely intimidating”. Other passengers intervened to try and calm him down, but this only increased his anger. He accused them of racism, threatening one of the men in particular and striking him in the face. Alarmed, Hussain’s victim wrestled him to the floor  —   but the Iraqi managed to break free and produced a long kitchen knife, stabbing the man four times in the side and back and inflicting critical internal wounds. Witnesses describe how Hussain then strode around the train cabin “as if he had won the national championship” brandishing his bloody knife at the terrified passengers and demanding a father and his daughter tell him if they were “also racists”. Hussain then began lecturing his captive audience on equality, instructing them that everyone was of “equal value” and demanding they show respect while his victim lay bleeding. When the train stopped Hussain fled and hid in a nearby garden, but was apprehended by the police. He told officers he had acted in   and was “proud” of what he had done, but the judge did not accept this, handing him a nominal      sentence. Hussain has an extremely long criminal record, and should have been serving a      sentence for a variety of offences at the time of his attack  —   but was released early. He will not be deported from Sweden after his current sentence is completed, having been awarded EU citizenship in 2008 despite having already wracked up several convictions."
